# 10.08 - Cumming Control_ev

All right， in this video you're going to learn seven ways in which you can last longer。

 little techniques， okay？Now， most men， as you know。

 that porn has conditioned us that when we touch ourselves。

 we try to get off as fast as possible when you find that perfect video on porn when you're masturbating。

 you're just doing it till you get off， right， You're not slowly doing it for an hour enjoying the process。

 So you've conditioned your brain， your opinion is that when you have this thing getting pleasure。

You're going to get off as soon as possible。So because of that。

 I want you to start watching porn as I always say， if you need help with that。

 you can also join Dopamine discipline program out of the program。

 and just reach out to me and one of the coaches about that I can help you。

 quit porn if you struggle with that。Over 1 thousand0 have quit porn in the program by recording this。

 so anyways， let's jump into the seven ways you can last longer。 Okay。

 your breath controls everything。 I want you to notice the next time you're about to finish whether' with a girl or whatever I want you to notice how shallow your breath is getting okay Now your breath matches your mood matches your physiological state when you're anxious。

 yourre breathing shallow again right when you're about to finish youre in that flat or fightight response you're about to just explode with pleasure。

When you breathe， slow。And deep， the blood starts to flow away from the external extremities， Aka。

 your hands and your penis， Okay， slow deep breaths。 If you feel that buildup， right。

 usually feel the tingling sensation， the fire build up down there。

 you know things are getting harder， it's feeling really good。Slow down， slow your breath。

 and also clench your pineum okay？The kgels， if you look up kgels it's a hugech area right。

 clench that， take so deep breath and slow down the thrust Okay that's the first way All right。

 the next way， a little technique that does help a little bit with slowing down the sensation of you not finishing as fast is that when you're in missionary position with her and you're in doggy。

Now usually you're doing the thrusting right when you're doing the thrusting。

 you're hitting it the way that feels best to you， it's just automatic when you're doing the thrusting。

 you're hitting it that feels best for you。 So therefore。

 little technique is to move her body onto yours So Doggy stop by the hips。

 don't move your body at all。 just take her and move her body you can also tell her to fuck you in doggy position。

 So the way to do this is to just stop you're doing doggy and you tell her to fuck you say fuck me and then start moving or make her move on you just like when a girlss on top。

 you guys rarely finish in this position it's because she's having sex with you so you can use the same technique and missionary and dogggy。

 So a missionary， grab her hips， and need to have some strength with this。

 this is why it's important to go to the gym， but grab her hips and move her body up and down or move her body towards you this is also showing high levels of dominance and strength which she loves the next technique to last longer is to stop having sex that are pull out and move her to a different part of the room。

 You don't have to pull。 It's actually a little smooth and cool if you actually stay inside of her pick her up。

And carry her while you're still inside of her to a different part of the room or a different room if you live by yourself to the kitchen to the bathroom doesn't matter。

 move her to a chair or whatever whatevers on the floor but by you picking her up and moving her again showing that dominance to her and you're stopping the thrusting so you're taking your time move her to a different part of the room or a different room in general you can take yourself outside of her So start kissing her against our fingering her and then enter her again the next technique to last longer in the bedroom with the girl is to put her on top of you So to do this。

 know if you're having sex with her say I want you to be on top and get on top of sit on my di whatever you want to say it and you lay down you just grab her。

 put her on top of you you lay back and tell her to go slow。

 say start off slow I want you to tease yourself。Okay， now you're doing this for her。

 but also for you right， because if she gets on there starts going fast and I you about to finish。

 you might finish。 But by moving positions again， telling her to sit on top of you and telling her to go slow again。

 it's another technique for things to slow down for you and you not finish。 Again。

 another basic technique is for you to basically slow down and also switch positions。 Now。

 besides switching positions。It is totally okay for you to pull out after having sex with her middle of sex。

And just start making out with her or go down on her do whatever you want to her body or make her go down on you if she's not so good at it。

 if she's really good at it， not make you finish， but it is totally acceptable for you to stop midsex。

 just because you pull out it doesn't mean sex is over。 you can pull out。

 do stuff with her So hell go get some water be like I'm exhausted。

 I need to run in the bathroom real quick it is totally okay to take a break for a minute or two and come back and have sex with her the moment's not gonna be over Okay the next technique that you can do to make yourself last longer now。

 this is actually I learned this from actually a porn interview that I watch this porn starts what they will do is that the girl sometimes when the guy's about to finish and the girl doesn't want him to yet。

This is like the most out there technique， but hey。

 it does work is you can grab your testicles again when you're having sex with it and you can pull on them if you want to stay inside of her。

 pull in your testicles， pull down on them。Kind of hard what that's going to do is it's really going to stop you from coming。

 okay？Now it may hurt a little bit， but if you don't want to pull up， let's just say， for example。

 you're like having sex with there and it's feeling really good and she's like saying' stop。

 don't stop， don't stop， you know fuck I want to pull out。

 but I don't want her stop because she felt to come。Grab your testicles。

 Take deep breaths and pull in your testicles。 Now。

 this is like a last resort because it's probably gonna hurt a lot。

 but it is a really good way to stop yourself from coming。 Okay， man。

 so those are unique ways in order to stop yourself from finishing to last longer in bed。 Now。

 the last video of this series， we're gonna go into mind games， fantasies and role plays。

 which is my favorite part of sex。 And when you can get a girl to really fall reality in this。😊，Man。

 it's fantastic， so that being said， I'll see you in the last one。

