# 2.04.01 - Attraction Framework_ev

。So。Before we get into the nitty gritty of all the different attractions。

 secrets and methods and all this stuff， I want to go over the actual three step process of seduction or tracking a girl。

 building a relationship because，If you understand this basic framework。

 you're not going to skip steps， which is a lot of the problems so many guys have， for example。

A lot of guys who are overly nice。 They're trying to emotionally connect with the woman when they haven't attracted her at first。

 So if we look at this， let's check it out。 the three step process。 So basically， it's super simple。

 right， step1 is attraction。 It's not logical's irrational bypasses the conscious brain。

 There's just things that you can do trigger into the girl to make her like you with passing your crap tests tests。

 you know， having deeper tonality， knowing how to conate how to talk about certain topics， right。

 it's all nonlogical， and that's the first phase， you have to go through this face。

 So many guys mess up in this stage first， right Second phase， the emotional connection。

 telling stories， creating intimacy， shared experiences， in the final stage is that sexual tension。

 the escalation into building that beautiful sexual relationship。

 Okay so let's go into this little more。 So let's talk about attraction first。

 So the first step is always attraction。 regardless if you're looking for a hookup。😊。

Whether you're looking for a girl to sleep with or whatever you want or whether you're looking for a girlfriend。

 At is always the first step。 And if you don't spark attraction。

 you'll never be able to do anything more than just be friends with a girl， which means no kissing。

 no touching， no hooking up， No sleeping with her。 None of that。

 That's why a common phrase I say is that attraction is the key that opens up all other doors。

 without attraction， you can't even kiss her can't touch her。

 you can't even mention the word sex around her without making her feel awkward and just making anything that you're a creep。

 But if she's super attracted to you， you can get away with a lot， See。

 once you have attraction with a girl， it's super simple to become friends with her to build the kind of relationship with you want。

 if it's hooking up if it's having a long monogamous relationship。

 if it's becoming friends like attraction is always the first state。

 I mean another way to say attraction is just basically influence or you have this charisma。

 you're giving her value。 And when you have that you're able to do that。

 not only with girls just people in general， It makes the relationship so much more in your favor of being able to connect with a person。

 Basically when you attract a person So that charisma on that value。 The ball is in your。

CourtIn determining what the relationship can turn into， right， you have all the power。

 So the biggest mistake guys make when they skip the attraction face is that they fall into theri zone。

 right， When a girl， whenever you have a repeated exposure in relationship with someone。

 especially a woman。 And you're just not sparking that attraction at all。

 You're going to emotional connection。 She's not going to see you as a potential suitor。

 She's going to see you immediately as a friend。 There's one of two categories。

 a girls gonna put you in， right， you're either going be this lover， right。

 that she ends up seeing as a guy that's like super high value wants to be with or as a friend。

 I mean， the third category is like not having you in her life period。

 But if she wants you in her life and you're not sparking attraction， you're in the friends zone。

 my man， period。I would even argue that girls that you want as friends。

 there're still gonna be the attraction there。 Now， you don't have to act on it。

 but you still show these attractive behaviors， and they want to be more friends around。

 your friends can meet their friends and just builds up this social network。

 which will cover in the lifestyle section， But I want you to recognize that you should always be using these attraction tactics with everyone。

 It just makes life a lot easier， Social connection just happens more fluently。

 So a common example of just one of many where guys will skip the attraction phase goes straight into the emotional connection is in the beginning of a conversation。

 When you meet a girl and you immediately start badgering her with questions。 Where do you do。

 Where are you from， Oh， what kind of music do you like， Oh what's your job， Do you like that。😊。

Interview mode， right， being super logical。 It's like you're trying to get to know her before establishing that fun vibe that you're high value。

 that you're not gonna be needy in her life， that you're bringing more value than you are taking。

 And by asking your million questions， It showed her this guy is just gonna to like suck the value from me。

 and it's very repulsive and they just don't want to be around that。 even if you're super nice。 Now。

 after you spark that attraction， the second thing you're gonna have to do is to create an emotional connection。

 And it's really important that creating emotional connection is not the first。

 because as I just said， you'll end up in the friend zone if you skip the attraction face。

 So after you've sparked the attraction。 The second stage is to establish an emotional connection。

 And this sounds very complicated， but it's not that really。😊。

All the complicated stuff is in the attraction phase。

 I would actually argue creating an emotional connection is probably easy for you。

 You've created that intrigue and that mystery and that ability to just want to know who you are。

 And so then she's gonna want to ask you questions and establishing that connection becomes super simple to look at this just flat out。

 What you're gonna see is look， When you first meet someone we're always judging how much value are they gonna bring in my life。

 What is their social status。 know as we've evolved， we've learned how to do this。

 Once you see once the girl sees that you're a high social status through your behaviors。

 the ways of communicating your ability to talk to other people， your social cha， a passing tests。

 all those attraction phase things。 She's gonna be like cool， I like this guy， I like his vibe。

 I have a chemistry with him。 I want to invest and get to know him more and I want him around my life。

 So how do you create a strong emotional connection。😊。

I'm going give you many different conversation techniques that are all going to create strong emotions in a girl We're going to use different storytelling techniques we're going to be combining different conversations topics called stacking you're going to learn how to tell fun stories about your life even if you think they're not fun。

 but they're going to future pacer or create a common shared experience with both of you in her mind which creates a super powerful emotional connection。

And you do it by evoking these emotions in a girl while you're talking to her about seemingly normal things。

These techniques are called partners in crime framing techniques， us versus them。 There are so many。

 but I'm going to basically show you that a lot of different conversation techniques that you can use to create this strong emotional connection with a girl。

 When you become a source of very strong emotions toward a woman。

 She just wants to keep you in her life。Alright， so after you've done phase 1 and phase 2。

 the final phase is building up that sexual tension， building up the escalation， right towards sex。

 And a lot of guys will fumble here as well。 It should go without saying。

 but a girl will lose interest in you。 If you've attracted her， you built an emotional connection。

 but for some reason， you're not sleeping with her。She's gonna think to herself。

 something's wrong about me。 Maybe doesn't like me。 Maybe he's gay。

 She's gonna think all of these things。 and she's gonna leave you for another guy that wants to do that。

 Now， a lot of girls give some grace period。 Like if you tell a girl， yeah， you。

 I don't want to sleep with the girls right away， they get that。 But if you wait a while。

 I would say I don't want to put an average on it。 But I've seen after three days。

 if you're not sleeping with the girl after three days。 She's gonna think to herself like， yeah。

 why is he having sex with me， like I love sex， I'm connecting with this guy， something wrong。

 and she's gonna bail So you have to know how to exactly how to escalate with the girls well。

 knowing how to escalate with the girl starts with having sexual conversation。

 being comfortable in your own sexuality， knowing how to build the vibe。

 knowing how to tease her sexually， knowing how to use long eye contact。

 how to kiss her how to escalate more and more to the advanced levels of socially and emotionally and so much more。

😊，If you establish that strong attraction， you build a powerful， emotional connection with you too。

 and you have amazing sex the right way。 you will literally become a drug to her that she' is addicted to。

 and she cannot help but just being obsessed over。 Now。

 if you're looking over this three step process。 I mean， first attraction then emotional connection。

 then escalation and sexual attention。 it looks like a very linear process。

 But as nothing in life is very linear。 this isn't linear either。 I mean， obviously。

 you have to start with attraction。 And that needs to happen every time。

 But you'll realize that you will also use attraction techniques and emotional connection stuff interchangeably。

 And after you have sex with her， you're still going to try to attract her at times and pass or test and do all of this。

 But across the first meeting to the first time having sex。

 This is pretty much the same process most men go through。 Now。

 we're going cover all these steps in depth throughout the whole entire course with each individual module talking about a deep part or topic of each of these steps。

😊，Just have in the back of your mind that when you're talking to a girl to lean toward the attraction phases and the attraction steps。

 and then as time builds up and you're starting to notice these indicators of interest or signs that she likes you。

 she starts to ask you questions。 she wants to know where you're from。

 She wants to maybe she's flirting with you， Maybe she's touching。

 Maybe she's commenting on something she's attracted by all of these signs a girl likes you。

 then you're gonna move into the emotional phase。 And then finally。

 after you've built that strong connection with her。

 you're gonna start to ramp it up physically with her。

 So I want you to have this in the back of your mind when you're going through the whole entire course and do not skip steps。

Cheers。