# 2.05 - Logic Kills Attraction_ev

How you feeling in， so I already went into a little bit about this about how the biggest mistake。

The biggest mistake I see men making over years and years of working with hundreds of guys is we're trying to use logic to attract the girl。

 I already talked about this a little bit， but this needs its own video because this is stopping you from so much of your results right So let's really unravel this mystery and hammer it home in here for you to get it through this part of your brain that you can never logically attract the girl and how this plays out in every part of the seduction process。

😊，People do not choose consciously who they're attracted to。Right， so this can be like， oh my God。

 you can have one you can have one emotional response to this like， well。

 what can I do if she can't choose it， then how can I get her to track me or you can be like， oh。

 I know how to I know how to get her to like me without even her knowing it right now。

 whatever emotional response you have to this。 if you have that second one。

 You're gonna do pretty fun。 So girls don't have a mental checklist right Like I said before。

 they don't say I know you'll see memes of this or you'll see girls talking about this。

 but they really don't care if it's like， oh six figures，6 pack was it what was the other six6foot。

 right。I don't know what the other six is。 But you get the point like girls do not check off a list like us guys do。

 right， It is just like， oh， how is he currently making me feel。

 How did he making me feel in that interaction， How did I feel， how did I feel， How did I feel。

 It is never a logical decision a girl makes。 So think of the implications of this。

 When you walk up and approach the girl。 It doesn't matter what you say。

 It matters how you feel when you talk to her。 Take her on a date。

 It doesn't matter where you take her on the date， It matters how you make her feel on the date。

 right， escalating with the girl instead of looking for these logical。

 clear signs that she likes you， just ramp up the emotion and go for it。

 These are just three small examples in the seduction process。

 where guys use logical decisions when the emotional decision is made with attraction。

 Attraction is an emotional decision。 It's not even a decision。 It just happens。

 It's a reaction based off of how the girl feels with you。😊。

There's old saying in the old pickup community which is really prevalent。

 change a girl's mood and you'll change her mind。Now a lot of times， for example。

 let's look at this in regards to rejectionion so if a girl says that oh I don't want you my life or go away or all this stuff。

 we take it as like oh， a girl meant that so I'ms going to leave， right？

I know this is frustrating as a guy to hear， But you have to recognize that you can tap into the power of this。

 that when a girl rejects you， it's just how she felt in the moment。

 Think about this whenever you have a girlfriend or you have a friend or a girl right， she says。

 maybe， okay， on Friday， I want to go do this thing with you。 right。

 I want to go on a date with you next week。 and then comes the time of the date。

 She just doesn't feel like it。Right， now， you can take that as like， well。

 I should stop talking to her。 she doesn't care about me。 And a lot of guys make that mistake。

 or you can understand the truth of female psychology and say， okay， she doesn't like you right now。

 I'll text her a week later。 Maybe when she's， you know。

 on a Thursday night when she's kind of like after the end of the night or Sunday night when it's end of the week。

 She wants to talk to a guy and then I can plan the next day。 Like a girl rather have you。

 like girls text you this way。 by the way。 If you ever notice this。

 a girl will not plan something with you at court later in the week。

 she wants to be like randomly like， hey， I'm having friends over tonight， you should come over。

 right， spontaneouson in the moment。 That's what a girl wants from you as a guy as well。

 womanman make their decisions in the moment， and then backwards rationalize after the fact。

I would take notice of this in college。 Every time I would know a girl or even hook up with a girl myself。

 I would understand why Id listened and understand what was her rationale for hooking up with that guy。

 It was always the same。 Oh， I don't know。 Like， she'll find all the reasons why he was good enough to hook up with。

 I was drunk。 and like he's actually a really sweet guy。 We have this in common。

 She wasn't looking those things beforehand and that made a decision。

 she made the decision and then found those things。 So if a girl stay in a relationship with a guy。

 she'll find all the reasons why she should stay with him。 Oh you know what。

 he's a really sweet guy and I like her parent， I like his parents， all these things。

 but then after they break up， she starts finding all the reasons why they should break up。

 Oh my God， he was such an a hole to me。 he had a big Buddhabel。

 and he was kind of balding when before， she was like， oh， I like his Buddhabel。 I like his stomach。

 You know， I like that he he has his dad bought。 right， She has the way you make her feel。

 And then she backwards rationalizes with her thoughts。 Okay。

 You have to recognize and intuitively understand This is the decision making process of woman。

 This is the one fundamental difference。😊，There are more similarities than differences between men and women。

 But this is one of the biggest differences that women decide with their emotions and then backwards rationalize with logic。

 Now， I also want you to recognize that as guys， we do this， too。 and in the homework。

 here's what I want you to do。 I want you to think of a few times in your life when you didn't want to do something。

 right when you say you didn't want to do something， but then you were convinced。

 you were emotionally shifted to do that thing。 whether it was to do something fearful or something that you just apprehensive to do or make another decision because a lot of people peer pressured you。

 right， that as people， like even investing in this course， right。

 I convinced you through emotional decisions。 And once you invest into this course。

 you realize it was the best decision I made。 Now， I didn't trick you like I do believe that I know this is the best investment you'll make for your happiness。

 but you had to be emotionally convinced to get there， right。😊。

We cannot decide when our emotional parts of our brains are shut off。

 Like there's been studies shown where they have people with brain damage in their thalammus。

 which is the emotional decision making process。 These people cannot make decisions。

 So I want you to recognize that on the approach on the escalation When a girls reject you。

 nothing they say is final。 Stop using logic to try to convince the girl to like you。

We're going to get to this step by step later on exactly how to do this with conversations。

 how to escalate more in depth， but I want to introduce to you with this understanding and need to really clearly get that logic does not convince a girl to like you it is an emotional connection。

I'll see it next。