# 2.06 - Nice Guys_ev

How you going， man。 Look， it is okay to be a nice guy， right， Unfortunately。

 the main way that a lot of guys are being nice to a girl is not genuine。

 It is trying to gain something from her， her approval， getting her in bed， etc cea。

 And girls are masters。 People are masters of understanding and intuitively knowing about when someone's trying to get to something from us in a subtle way。

That's why you can actually have a healthy balance between being an ahole and being this overly nice guy。

 And that's what I'm gonna to teach you in this video today because most often I guarantee you probably lean towards more being too nice。

 And that's because of all the societal conditioning that I've already explain to you in previous videos。

 So I'm sure you have plenty of nice guys stories I'm gonna share one of mine before we jump into all of this。

 and I'm gonna to teach you a lesson that I learned from it。

 So I used to basically have this huge crush on this girl in high school。

 And I remember specifically I would always just be in class with her just staring at her thinking that she was too good for your she wanted the popular guy right And then one day I got the guts to actually talk to her and I found out that I just got my car。

 I started driving the school。 And so I was like you know I had the brilliant idea。

 I'm actually gonna pick up the school on the way there to offer and I could just spend that 1015 minute drive。

 which was super short。 But over time， I told myself that if I got to spend 10 minutes a day with her over the course of couple months。

 that's like hours and she'll eventually like me。 And so she's like， yeah。

 sure for you ride why not right So I spent all this time。😊，picking her up， you know。

 taking her to school we would actually talk and it was working。

 I was getting more comfortable with her。 She was laughing and we were trying to connect。

 And then one day I woke up late， my alarm didn't go off and。😊。

She had to walk to school a whole 20 minutes by herself。 And my heart suck。 I was like， oh my God。

 I immediately got on my phone and texted her and apologized。 And she was like， no， it's cool。

 No problem， right， But like， no， I didn't believe her that。 It was a big deal， Right。

 So I had to go out。 I left during lunch。 I skipped the next period。 and I bought her A sorry card。😔。

And some chocolates。And when I presented her。With that card and chocolate。

 my hope was that she would understand that I was so sorry and。

She would forgive me and we'd be back on playing ground， you know， the even place where we were。

And when I handed her。That car and chocolate。The look in her eyesment from completely just like。

 hey to。What the fuck。呵。And that's a prime example of guys trying to be overly nice to get the girl's approval。

 to get the girl to like you。Now， girls pick up on this in subtle ways。

 And I'm gonna explain to you a couple that you might not even realize that you're doing。

 So the first example is telling a canned story to a girl。 Now。

 I'm not saying that you can't tell a canned stories if they come up naturally。

 Like if you start talking about traveling And she says she went to Thailand and youve been to Thailand。

 that's natural to tell that story。 But out of nowhere。

 girl can sense if you're shifting the conversation if you have something premeditated that is a low status trait。

 So an example of this is like you're talking about you know her work and all of a sudden like I have to use this good story。

 I have to tell this story about when I was in Vegas this one time。

 And out of nowhere out of left field， you start telling a story about Vegas。

 because you know it conveys certain high status traits in you she can feel that you're just trying too hard And this is also correlated with nice behaviors very low status。

 I really want you to ask yourself right now， positive video and actually contemplate this。

 Why are you truly overly nice to girls in the past。

 Why have you been overly nice to women And why have you tried to gain their approval or show or convey that you're。

Sweet， innocent guy。Ultimately， you're coming from a logical place that if the girl agrees with you。

 you have a certain level of agreeableness that you guys will connect。 Again。

 that is a logical approach to this emotional process。

 any logic at all used to attract the girl is like oil and water。 It's just not gonna mesh。

 You also have to recognize。 And we're gonna get into this later on as well。

 But between masculine and feminine polarity， She's attracted the opposite traits。

 agreeableness is a very feminine traits， always agreeing， always in being inclusive。

 always connecting， always trying to take and bring in and connect， right。

 by looking for ways to build a relationship from that logical means。

 that is a very feminine quality to have where as a guy in your masculine。

 you're just presenting who you are。 And if you agree with that or not， that doesn't matter。

 That is your frame。😊，Remember， attraction is this range of emotions within a girl， right。

 causing her to feel， oh my God， He disagree with me。

 Oh my God am I gonna get jealous because there's this other girl around。 Oh my God。

 Now he's agreeing with me。 Oh he just said he loved me。 Now he says he hates me。

 This up and down back and forth。 That is creating this range of emotions。

 And it is building up the girl's arousal， right， So when you're being overly nice。

You're keeping her in one specific emotion， which is。Borom。Right。

 because when she's talking to a coworker or when she's talking to someone that she just met a stranger。

 you're in that very logical， like， oh， how's your day， Yeah， cool， All right， Oh， yeah， yeah。

 I like， I like that song， too， It's just very flat， right， which is the death of attraction。

 Look one of the main reasons beside social conditioning。

 why you are so hell on being this agreeable guy is because you are in a scarcity mindset。

 But that basically means that you have not approached enough woman。

 you have not had enough experiences with girls to know that if this one girl rejected you that you would be okay that it would be all right。

 because if you approach enough woman。 And you are in this abundance mindset where it doesn't matter what you said to the girl。

 you are authentically being who you are。 And there's a complete indifference to how she thinks about you。

 you're okay with disagreeing with her， You're okay with expressing your opinion， You know。

 and I want you to also recognize that you're probably doing this with other people。

 It's not just with girls you're attracted to。 And so one of the ways to build this mental muscle。

 this emotional muscle， this conversational muscle。

Is to really get into the idea that you can disagree with people and actually look for disagreements and conflicts when they present themselves naturally instead of backing down and saying to yourself。

 w， I't need to express my opinion on that。 Like to think that someone's talking about politics。

 and let's say you love Trump， you are an advocate Trump lover If someone's gonna to hate you as a person because you like Trump。

Then you don't want to be around them in the first place。 You see how that works。

 They don't want to be around you because they don't want Trump fine。

 That's not your person to be with peer you right， That's not a person that's going to be in your trap。

 right， But if you want to be with a girl that accepts you regardless of your political affiliation。

Then that's the kind girl you're going to be with right And so on subtle levels。

 you have to recognize that you're doing this all the time。

 right you're doing this with food you like or music or just the way you communicate whenever you censor yourself fully with who you are as a person。

You're embedding yourself into this nice guy agreeable mindset。Okay。

 this is doing you a disservice because。If you are constantly monitoring and centering yourself。

 you are attracting a girl with a false persona， and that false persona leads to a false relationship。

 which leads to demise of the relationship and a lot of struggle and pain。

So for the homework this week I have a two part solution right the first part is I want you to understand。

Who in your life supported and rewarded you for being nice。 now could be society。

 but like who specifically in your life was your mom， was your father。

 The second thing you're going to ask yourself is， ultimately。

 how do you come across to people when you're overly nice。Okay， the next question is。

 when someone's overly nice to you， how do you respond to them？

When someone disagrees with you or presents conflict or differing in values。

 how do you respond to them， The second part of your homework is the next time you're in a conversation with a girl。

 The first thing you disagree with， The first thing you maybe find boring。

 If she has a job you find it boring， I want you to speak your mind。

 And I want you to try to find the balance between being mean and is expressing yourself， right。

 So being mean， if she says she has a job in accounting and you think a accounting is boring。

 there's this really funny scene and crazy stupid beloved where you know。

 Ryan Gossing is trying to teach Steve Correll to like basically。

Do this kind of flirting behavior of like， saying boring， right？

 And Steve Crorog goes over the top with it in the bar， right。

 I don't want you to fall in that into the spectrum where you're being me， right。

 But like if you' legitimate find an accounting boring you like， oh my God。

 you're probably bored to tears， right。Something like that versus like， oh， that's fucking sucked。

 You're in county that's so lame。 there is a nuance to this， right。

 And I want you always gauge the girl's reaction as well， If you tend to overdo things。

 you just throw in a statement of empathy for your statement。

 So it looks like this it's like if you say something that really offends the girl。

 You're like oh I'm just joke。 I'm messing with you。

 I tend to be super sarcastic And then you just continue on with the conversation like nothing happened。

 But I want you to play with this。 the next time in your conversation with someone。

 if you don't like something or I want you to express your opinion and express your mind and see how it comes across other people。

 we all have that one friend that is just overly direct about everything。

 you can probably picture this person。 like you can add 10 to 20% that because people respect that person more because he speaks his。

 they can trust him right you want the girl to trust you more。

 And that's what ultimately you be more direct with her does when you're being overly nice。

 she's thinking behind her， mind like what does this guy want。 I don't think I can trust him。

 And if a girl doesn't feel safe with you， she doesn't trust you。 and she doesn't feel safe with you。

 she also will not get around。She would not go home with you she would not be attracted to you right now the final part of this homework I want you to do the third final part is I want you to share video of your nice guy story it's fun to laugh about these right to laugh at our old selves about how we were overly nice。

 how we did so many things to really。😊，Try to get your girls approved， it's really funny。

 so I'll share that in the group as well， and I'll see you in the next one。

