# 2.07 - Money Looks_ev

Okay， so I'm going to beat out of you， beat the hell out of you。The idea about how much looks， money。

 height， external things actually matter to a girl when it comes to building attraction traction and building a relationship。

 the fallacy behind it all， and then the truth behind it all for you to adopt these new rational understanding beliefs to move forward successfully in the correct way with women。

 okay？First question， are there men out there or is there a guy out there across the history of time with the same look。

 same height， Pre much same everything as you， maybe even less advantageous， Small。

 all this other stuff and still ss with attractive woman and still found that beautiful wife。

 Of course， right， multiple。 So obviously， the next rational question would be。

 what is the difference between him and you。Obviously， it's the belief， right。

 The belief about his own value as a man that catered and created his own world view。

 as we showed you in previous modules that gave him different results in life。

 Let's actually look behind the surface of everything what the true core needs a woman has that a man provides her with。

 right， The number one thing is safety， right， security。 Now。

 this can come in the form of financial means。 But I told you more than anything。

 It is your behavior。If you are a man of certainty。That is unreactive。The pass her tests。

That is leading， right things we're all going to expand on or we've already expanded on。

 you conveyed to her a sense of he's got me。I feel safe。I feel comfortable with him。

 And you want to be that guy。 It is in your hardwired inner DNA to be that provider to This is why so many guys that whiten syndrome。

 It is like a toxic version of this providing security for a girl， right， trying to protect them。

 It is in your DNA to protect woman。 And when you can convey this in an appropriate， normal。

 healthy way。 It triggers to the girl's DNA mind， right， Like oh my God， who is this guy， right。

 The second thing is adventure and novelty and excitement。

 right Girl always say they want to go on an adventure。

 This is the feminine saying that they just want to be swept out their feet。 right。

 And you can provide a girl with this。😊，Just by you being on your purpose。 if you're on your purpose。

 you're gonna to be continually seeking novelty， right， You want this balance in life。 And actually。

 a girl provides you with this as well。 She challenges you to get out of your purpose so much at times to explore the world。

 But as a guy， you want to be driven and you want to be developing your business whatever your career is in life。

 your're higher， why。 But at times， you also want to go explore that novelty and have the girl influence you a little bit。

 right， So that's the second thing that you can provide her with is giving her the sense of novelty and adventure traveling with her。

 etc cetera。 The third thing in my favorite， which costs absolutely nothing。

 is you are presenting her and giving the woman。😊，Your masculinity。

 which is eququainted to your presence。And your ability just to。哎。

Be there with her unreactive right now this correlates with the first one。But more than anything。

Consciousness， your ability to be in the present moment。

 unperturbed by anything is one of the greatest gifts that we're going to expand on in the masculinity chapter video。

But how you can give this story and why it's so important for the girl to have。

And how once you can get out of your mind， stop caring so much about what she thinks about you。

This is just becoming natural。 And you are literally tapping in past that conscious brain deep down。

 turning that little switch on a little knob of， wow， this guy's attractive and different。 Now。

 you can be all these things if you are simply。😊，A man on your purpose， right。

 a guy that is going towards your higher means of why you're on this planet。

If you wake up every morning knowing what you're going to do。And you meet that girl and you're like。

 I'm on my mission， you could come along with me if you want。Like here's where I'm going。

 here's my path， here's my indestination。I will pick you up and take you， right。

 I will provide you with this whole journey。And I'm going to keep you safe the whole time。

You can come along with me if you want， A man on your purpose Pro with all three of those things。Now。

 if he had two men， he had one guy that was that that first guy who's on his purpose in life knows what he's doing。

 but he's not that rich。 He's not the tallest guy。 He's a little bit overweight， but he is just like。

 I know what I'm doing。 I had that maskline I had that solid presence。

 I don't care people think about me。 And this other guy has， you know， he's a millionaire， right？

 He's even classically attractive。And he's maybe over six foot， but he is super insecure。

 he is lost in life， let's say it was inheritance， right， that's where he got the money。

 he didn't actually earn it。Do you really think the girl is going to go to that second guy？

Absolutely not， unless she's a goal digger， right， And， you know， you don't want that。

 She's gonna go towards the guy that knows who he is。

 That guy is providing so much more attraction and value than the guy who's just kind of sitting there like。

 yeah， classically attractive with all this money， but has no direction in life。😊。

Doesn't even know who he is。So power of this is that you can control。You can become this guy right。

 you have the power to become this guy attraction and becoming the guy that is going to attract your perfect ten to build this abundant dating lifestyle is all in your control。

And adopting the mindset that society gives you that your looks matter， that your money matters。

 that your height matters， all these external things matter is a lie that you've accepted。

 And it's okay because， you know， we really conform to societal rules， especially as we're evolving。

 We're little kids。 We just accept societal rules as they are， We never challenge them。

 but this is your moment of challenge that I am telling you that none of those things truly matter。

 Here's what actually happens。 All right look。You have a core feeling and belief that you are not good enough the way you are。

 right， not good enough， this is your belief。All right， now。

 springing forward from this feeling of not being good enough， you will look。For different reasons。

 to explain the feeling psychologically。The book called Happiness Hypothesis explains this that we first get feelings and then we get rationalizations or thoughts to confirm the feeling。

 right This is the way the mind works。 So you're feeling of feeling insecure， not good enough。

 right you will find reasons to explain that feeling。So you will look for things to explain that。

So what this would look like is like， okay， cool。 Like society says I can't be good enough unless I'm 6 ft tall。

 right， So whatever you'll see means of this， you'll see girls talking about， I need a tall guy。

 I need a guy that's like taller than me， right， So 6 ft。 Then you can be enough， right， or man。

 like I need to be a guy with a6 pack， right， man， and I also need to make， obviously，7 figures。 No。

6。😊，Figures， right。And let's just say that you achieve all these things。 Let's just say。

 I don't know， there's some way that you can gain enough to be  sixfoot。 You get that six back。

 you get that six figures。 If you still don't address this feeling good enough， right。

 what happens is that you'll find another reason。 You'll be like， oh， crap， man。

 like I need 24" arms You'll just find these reasons will always pop up。

 you'll always find an external reason to explain the feeling， right。

 now what happens is that you can still work at trying to develop this these external things for a different reason。

 But never to mask the feeling not big enough good enough right So what you can do instead is that you can realize you are good enough the way you are right And these things can just be an outlet of the man you're trying to become right And instead you can find like yeah。

 I'm good enough for all for every reason I can find right So instead of believing that you need to be 6foot and you can start to see people and examples that fit a new worldview of like。

 okay， I'm good enough。 So you'll start seeing guys of saying like guys that are like5。

9ine right that are with good good enough girls， right。

 they're hot you'll start seeing guys that make absolutely no money right and they're like poor and they're still successful with girls。

 so you start to develop new belief systems based off your feeling of being good enough。

 It's almost like we're trying to develop this perfect hexagon And like each of these pillars。

 maybe it's a different shape。 I'll do I'll just do this shape like this perfect house or it's perfect pillar and you're like okay。

 I have all these reasons to be good enough。 Once I can be filled complete once I have all these reasons。

 So each of these lines is the different reason。 This is the sixfoot right。

 this is the this side of the house is the money right。

 this one over here is like you know the body right。😊。

But it's funny because as soon as you complete all these。

 let's see achieve all these external things， what's going to happen is you're going be like。

 oh shoot， no， no， no， it wasn't wasn't like you know 12 can needed a month。

 it was 20 k and then the house becomes incomplete again because you're never actually feeling enough you the way you are completely but if you realize you could feel enough。

Already， then these external things will never matter。

 And that's what's gonna convey and transform onto the girl。 Let me ask you a question。

 If you found this really cute girl， right， she was like an 8 out of 10， right， super cute face。

 small boobs or whatever， decent butt。 and she was super cute。 She was really cool， super attractive。

 like to you， really cute。 Then all of a sudden， she got a boob， a butt job in a face job。 right。

 Now， classically， she becomes more attractive， right， She comes more looking like a model。

 But then she became more insecure。😊，Just because she looks more attractive。

 Would you actually be more into her， I bet you like most men。

 you actually prefer the first girl who's more natural。 right。

 So what makes you think that most girls are going to look for this guy that is this perfect version。

 right， this perfect chap that's gonna like， always get her。 That's not the case。 Like。

 I have always been classically good looking， Always been over 6 foot since the age of 16。

 And I was horrendous with woman。 Horrendous。😊，Absolutely awful。Right。

I want you to get it in your head that there are subtle beliefs that you're still probably carrying on to。

 but why you're not good enough and you have to address these beliefs at the core。

 So that's going to be our homework for this week。 We're going to identify every single reason why you think that you are not good enough and then we're going to knock that shit down。

 look。Any。In all excuses， you use to not approach， to not escalate。

 to not go after a girl to go towardd basic hardware DNA。Right。

Is a way to protect yourself from getting hurt。Right。Saying that you don't have this。

 you don't have that。 I'm not good enough for this， right。

 If you look at the extreme case of end cells， they're trying to protect themselves from getting rejected。

 I get it。 But like ultimately， if you want to live that better life。

 if you want to have these beautiful experiences with women。

Absolutely amazing experiences in the bedroom traveling， connecting， building your life together。

 finding that amazing moment to be with， you have to address and knock down these limiting beliefs。

Look， I get how awful being rejected is Look I've been called a creep， I've been called a loser。

 I've been called gay， I've been called just disgusting。

 I've been called every rejection thing under the sun。

 I get how awful rejection can be at times we're going to delve deeper into that in the next module。

 but。You have to recognize that protecting yourself completely is preventing you from getting the life you want and adopting these belief systems in these individual beliefs is only holding you back from what you truly want。

 I mean， do you think a cave man thousands of years ago。

 was like going go go up to a woman and start to try to like get her。 But then he looked。

 he saw like I his reflection The Mary's like， wait， my nose is that big。 Oh I can't talk to her now。

 No way。This is conveying that when it comes down to getting out of your own mind。

 just being who you are as a guy。You don't， you're not super hyper focused on your own。

Individual insecurities。You's like， this is who I am I'm gonna to go up to if you reject me fine。

 That's okay， right So the first thing I want you to do in this homework is I want you to write down all the negative belief systems you have about you and then reframe them。

 So a reframe is basically flipping it around to seem like it's good enough。

 right So basically a So a way to look at this is instead of saying to yourself a woman wants a guy that makes X amount of money。

 You can say a woman wants a guy that pursues his passions and has ambitions in life。

 Another example is， instead of saying， you know a girl wants a guy with a certain size penis as you can say girls actually truly care more about the guy and how he uses it And for woman is not as important about how big his actual penis is。

 right And you talk to majority of women and they'll say that it matters。

 but they're only doing that for the guy to make them feel comfortable。

 There are so many guys out there that have an average penis size that actually have beautiful。

 amazing sexual experiences and amazing relationships with girls。 I don't care if it's your race。

 your height religion or anything right， every excuse down and help reframe it。

 If you need help in the group。😊，Sre one in the group and we can help you reframe it for you On the next question I want you to write down specifically what other qualities are important to you。

 besides looks in a woman right now， Look are very important。

 you need to be physically attractive to the girl， but there are myriad of so many other things that are important to you in a woman。

 And when you really write these out and see them crystal clear on a piece of paper。

 you can begin to look for them yourself and it takes place or starts to manipulate the way you kind of see yourself because you only judge yourself as much as you judge others。

 And so if you've been putting a prime importance on a girl's looks。

 That's why you're focusing so much on yourself。 So if you can see other qualities in a girl that you find super important。

 you care less about your own individual insecurities。Now。

 the last part of this homework is your next approach you're going to do to your next couple for this next week。

Is I want you to talk to these girls with crappy clothes。

 I want you to go out and like a raggedy shirt， like pajamas even messed up hair。

 I want you still to approach not looking good or not looking all groomed up right。

 and I still want you to apply the same principles I'm been teaching you and then recognize the difference in how you feel how the girl reacts in your different results。

 See there's a big difference and see if it comes from you or the actual girl。

 If you're in a positive state and you still approach these girls with crappy clothes or not done hair。

 I want you to see there's not much of a difference in the girl in the way she reacts。 Okay。

 show this in the group and I'll see you in the next one。

