# 2.08 - Rejection_ev

The master has failed more than the student has even tried。 And I guarantee you。

 I have been rejected far more than you a lot。 I would even argue， I've been。

Probably rejected more than most guys in the world， more than 99。9% of guys， right？

And you miss 100% of the shots you don't take。 And I also found out in working with hundreds of guys that most men。

 yourself included。 you reject yourself before the girl has a chance to See， project is all a story。

 you tell yourself about the girl's reaction and also acceptance is also a story and an idea you have what it looks like。

 And when it doesn't meet this expectation， you say， well， if she's not laughing at my joke。

 she's rejecting me。 if she's test me and call me out some B， S， she's rejecting me right。

 and you create that reality from that belief。Now when I'm really going to do in this video videos。

 I'm going to challenge your perception about what rejection actually is。

 and I'm going to start with the story， but with the most attractive girl I've ever been with。Now。

 one of my exes in college was my perfect1， like looks wise， sorry she was。

Everything I imagined as a kid is a girl I wanted to be like the girl。 I would just sit up at night。

 look a bit the stars and gaze like， who is that perfect wife， that future girlfriend。

 She fit the bill when it comes to her physical looks。 Now。

 the first time I actually went up and talked to her。😊。

I was a little inebriated as you are in college and all I remember was her just completely just blowing me out of the water。

 just kind of like looking at me with this kind of like。Who is this guy thinking he is kind of face？

Drinking or drink and just turning around and walking away。Now。

 most people would say she rejected me， right？Flat out， rejected。 However。

 I approached her Li two months later。 I was with a bunch of friends。 I was in this different state。

 I was in abundance。 I was dating some other girl that was at that venue。 I was walking around。

 I saw her。 I was like， oh yeah， I think I approached her before。 Still went up to her。

 She was talking to another guy at the time， too。 I was in such a good state。

 And just the way my state was in my different beliefs in working on myself and building abundance。😊。

She was chasing me around the club。 Like she literally， we went and dance。

 and she wouldn't make out with me。 I was like， okay， well， whatever。 And I walked away。 And for her。

 that was just like， no guy ever walks， no guy pulls away from me。 She chased me across the club。

 grabbed me by the shorts and pulling back to her。 right， Now。

 this story is just to highlight the fact that， you know， what most guys would think is， oh。

 she rejected me one time。 She rejected me。 It's done。 I have no more chances with her。

 There have been， there have been times。 When I've had a girl。You or go away。

 And then later I'm making it out with her in the club。 as guys。

 this is one of those logical versus emotional things that you say to yourself， okay。

 if a guy says he doesn't like you， then the guy doesn't like me。 but girls it doesn't work that way。

 right， they're rejecting who you're presenting as in that current moment or maybe they're rejecting the moment。

 or maybe it's the state they' in from things in their own life。

 like you have no idea what's going through a girl's head。

 if she's going through some depressive state or some trauma And like you have no idea what's going through a girl's head。

 and whatever you perceive rejection， this is your perception of the event。 Okay。

 and you can shift it。 So how many times have you actually approach a girl。

 but you thought to yourself a little subtly like she's not gonna to stop。

 she doesn't want to talk to me。 it's like， yeah， I did the action。

 but you were rejecting yourself if you're nonverbals with your thoughts。

 you didn't actually expect her to want to stop and talk to you。 It's like， hey， how's it going。

 she's like， oh hey， whatever， hi bye versus like fully commanding her like believing that she's gonna stop for you on the approach。

 it looks like this。 Hey， what's up， Hey， how are you doing。Or it's like， hey， you come here。

 what are you doing right now？The difference between that versus。Hey， hey what you， what's your name。

 okay， bye。the commanding voice， the expectation that she's going to stay。And a lot of times。

 even on dates with a girl。A lot of guys will think like oh man like I don't know she's gonna eventually reject me so I'm just going to play it safe I'm going end a date in an hour and I just want to get out of this because you feel uncomfortable you want to reject the feeling of uncomfortability right and that's。

Self defeating。 It's counterintuitive because if you don't sit in that feeling of anxiety。

 you're not going to learn how to sit in it and you're going to constantly reject yourself and you're never going to learn。

But if you can sit in that feeling of that awkward conversation， the long conversation。

 those awkward moments where it's dead， silent， not knowing what to say。

 you get used to it and you wait。And you hold that presence。

And you also frame in your mind that there is no rejection。 As a thought experiment。

 I want you to think of this。Tell me right now， when has a girl fully accepted you。

 The opposite of rejection， right， When is a girl fully yours， Is it when she stops to talk to you。

 Is she accepting you。Is' it when she gives you a number， oh my go， she's accepting me？

Is it when she makes out with you？Maybe， no， I mean girls will make with multiple guys in the night and they'll won't go home with you。

Was she finally has sex with you， Did she finally accept you then。Okayk， how about when she's your。

 Finally your girlfriend。Does she accept you？What about when she marries you？

Does she fully accept you。Just like the state of acceptance is not a black and white kind of thing whether okay。

 now she's fully accepting me past that threshold。Rejects in the same way。

 She never fully rejects you either。It's not a binary， black and white kind of thing。 And as a guy。

 you're thinking of it in that kind of context。Right。

 and I want you to get your mind out of that that a girl never fully accepts you and she never fully rejects you。

 And there is power in that nuance。 Okay， think of your worst rejection ever。

 I want you to look back on it， right， I want you to think to yourself and now close your eyes。Now。

 see your rejection。 Now， I want you to right now。 I want you to turn that whole scenario。

 that whole scene into a giant cartoon。 I want you to see yourself with like those bug guys。

 I want you to see yourself walking like， maybe your heart's pounding out of your chest。

 You actually see it your're sweating， You're talking。 Maybe the girl threw a drink on you。

 Maybe she's like， turned away。 And she starts blabbing with her French。 She see little talk bubbles。

 I want you to cartoonize your worst rejection。 Carize it in your mind。 See the humor in it。😊。

Now for the next question I have for you。Is the last time you were rejected by a girl？

How did you feel immediately after？Right。How did you feel when your were flat up blown out of the water？

Did you feel worse about yourself or better。Now， the thing is that you have power to choose what happens。

 You can say to yourself， man， God rejected， know it。

 I'm confirming my frame of who I am as a person， or you could say to yourself，That's funny， like oh。

 I tried going after what I want。N， not all girls will mesh with me。

 and I'm in a pretty bad state right now， but that's okay。Man。

 who has the cahos actually walk up to a girl and do all that？See。

 you are training yourself with the consequences after it failed。A failed rejection， right？

If you train yourself to say positive things to yourself and anchor that positivity。

 that positive reinforcement after you get rejected。You're more likely to take more action。

 And that's what this ultimately is。 is when you can adopt new belief systems and modes of thinking and being and doing that positively reinforce the goals you want。

 that's what's going to send you to become the best most confident guy out there。 However。

 if you get rejected， you beat yourself out for it。 You're less likely to go talk to that next girl。

But if you say to yourself， there is no such thing as rejectionion。 and talking to a girl is fun。

 no matter what happens， I'm expressing who I am。 I am this masculine man that goes after what he wants。

 And if a girl doesn't mess with me， then it wasn't meant to be。

 If you would adopt that favorite mind， that context， You walk through the world with ease。

 You are lighter。 You are indifferent to her opinion of you， which is the basis of attraction。

 I want you to get out of your head that the。😊，Most attractive guys or the guys that are best with women never get rejected that their rejection rates like next to know that they attract every single girl。

 No， if you go to a club or you go to a venue， the guy that's gonna get the best results with woman。

 the guy that is gonna have the most fun。 I the one that's in the moment。

 And if he sees it a cute girl， he just goes for it。 And that girl rejects him。 He's like， okay。

 have a good night。 Co。 right， Or if she rejects him， he kind of just sticks in it。

 right and stays longer until she either flat out rejects him or she eventually gets won over by him。

 I want to take this persistence versus freedom of outcome thing even farther when it comes to rejection。

😊，I remember a student of mine was telling me a story right we did some infi with him I actually went out to the club with him and he was telling me a story about a past rejection I was like。

 you know what tonight you were going to push past this idea of like what rejection actually is when a girl rejection in your mind you' were going to stay in it for three times longer until she was actually three times the same girl。

Right now I don't want you to get on the border of like being harassing right if a girl is like flat out。

Like it's all in her eyes。 Look there's a reason why I've never really gotten trouble talking to girls。

 right， because like I have empathy， right when a girl is flat out like dude。

 like shes lost in her eyes。 and she's like her body languages like this， right。

 then you can kind of understand that you should maybe walk away， right。

 But if a girl is kind of like looking around or just kind of like doing that and just like like challenging a little bit。

 There's a difference to me。 a look of disgust versus a look of just indifference， right。Now。

 I what a told to basically do is to stick in it three times longer than he actually wants you。

 So if his mindset Bale stick in it， mindset Bale stick in it， he did that three times。

 and what eventually happened is on the third time he eventually got her to crack a laugh。

 She started to laugh and that belt his stayed up right and then she laugheds some more so he felt comfortable and put his arm on her and he started to progress and escalate and they ended up getting a number。

 they're making out on the dance floor。😊，It was beautiful is because he was persistent because persistence is a masculine quality。

 Now， most men，99% of men won't even approach a girl， let alone stay in it。

 And so much of your result is bypassing this idea of what rejection actually is。 Okay。

 now a lot of guys out there will say like girls that reject you just kind of whatever， you know。

 move on。 There is some say to not really being needy around a girl， right。

 But there's a difference in the intention and the feeling behind it， right。

 Neediness is like I have to follow this girl。 Like there's that just taking mental versus like。

 I know I'm good enough。 I know I'm gonna express my value。

 And I know it doesn't matter what the girl thinks about me。

 And I'm just gonna pursue it because I like her。 right， And if she gives me a hard time。

 I'm still gonna pursue it。 If there's an awkward lo in the conversation， I'm still gonna pursue it。

 I'm gonna pursue it until。😊，You know， I don't want to anymore。Now， if a girl。

I really want to like hammer this home， especially in today's day ened debt。

You have to understand the hard nose， right， There's a flirtatcious no。

 like stop versus like the hard like no， right， If a girl you walk up to her and very cordially。

 she says something like， I have a boyfriend。 I'm sorry or like， hey， I'm busy right now。

 I don't want to talk。That's very clear。 Like you respect that， right， Or for girls like dude。

 fuck off， like you shouldn't even take that abuse。 All right。

 Some guys will say like you even stick in the set。

 You even stick with a girl even after she says that。 But like for me， it's like。

It's better safe than sorry right so if a girl is saying things like she has a boyfriend or like no。

 no， thank you， I don't want to talk to you。You know。

 understand and read that right and read that as a social cue that she's just not interested it not her time that she's in a bad mood or whatever Okay。

 but do not take it personally about your own value as a guy。 Okay。

 so the homework for this week is in your next rejections across the week。

 And I hear me so I said rejections and your next approaches。That's the homework。

 I want you to purposely project yourself for the next three interactions。 I want you to walk up。

 I want you to be awkward。 I want you to have awkward conversations。

 I want you to have those weird silences。 I want you to talk randomly。

 I want you to stumble over your words。 I want you to have weird eye contact。 Nest up vocal anality。

 Play with it and have fun， I want you to project yourself on purpose， and I want you to record。😊。

You know， your own interpretations of those different events in the journal and sharing the group how those interactions went when you rejected yourself。

 I'm going to find out that you're going to actually see that this is a lot of fun and you might even actually get some positive results from rejecting yourself because there's that freedom of outcome so I'll see you in the next one。

