# 3.02 - Balancing Fun & Intent_ev

Hello my healthy masculine men， how is the last week of the exercise I'm sure you' shared in the group。

 make sure you're taking full access to the resource of the group。

 I mean that is by far the most valuable thing besides this information that you can utilize to get the goals and results you want so。

You know， in working with guys over the years， what I've found is that there's this spectrum we've talked about from like nice guide a hole right。

 Another spectrum that a lot of guys will mess up is once they learn the techniques。

 understanding of masculine behavior， they kind of，Put too much pressure onto the girl。

 it gets too intense for the girl。 And some girls， they， they love that。 just intense masculine。

 Maybe straight off the bat。 And you can play with that， but。😊，You know。

 you still have to balance this with a little push pull， right， P pull is the idea of。

Really putting pressure on pressure off， right， So a small example of this is。

Stment of intention that you like the girl。 and then you pull it away。

 right So mean let me give you a good example。 If I were to go through my phone and look to my text messages and talking to a girl right now。

 It's like， she'll say something that like really turns me on if we get sexual and I'll be like I hate that you turn me on so much。

 So in that one sentence， you're conveying that like yeah。

 you turn me on like you turn me on statement of intent。

 but I hate it it's a mixed message And this is like kind of create up and down polarity with the girl。

 So I want you to recognize that the other end of the spectrum of the polarities as a guy。

 you have to have fun So it's like this is the paradox of attraction。

 like you have to want the outcome of wanting the girl but not needing her you have to balance being nice to her。

 but also having these kind of alpha male taking characteristics and you have to be able to show that intention that consciousness。

 but then also show that you're fine and indifferent to the outcome。

 that you don't care that she could walk away any moment like you want her。

 but you don't need her in your life。 So let's look at how to do this。😊。

So the first thing I want you to do is I want you to recognize with empathy。

 Remember that feminine trait empathy， the thing where you can recognize a girl's nonverbals。

 that when you're ever making， I say you're looking at a girl and you're super intense you're like staring at her。

 You're trying to give this masculinity。 And she's just kind of freaked out。

 but you still keep on giving to her。 It's gonna be too much。 It's too much pressure。

 You have to have this flow， like attraction and seduction is this flow。

 It's this dance back and forth。 I when you give too much push push push。

 whether think of it the double text， like grabbing the girl picking her up right away with no social calibration。

 not actually looking for it when you goes like it's like hi， you just pick her up。

 Now there's exceptions to that。 But I'm not gonna get into those exceptions right now。

 But I want you to recognize that whenever you go too far in the intention or the masculinity。

 All you do is balance it with a statement of empathy and pulling back。

RightSo let's say you go to link for the kiss for the first time， just as an example。

You go to lean for the kids like this and you' just kind of kind of going in and you go for the kiss。

 she kind of pulls away， be like anyways and then you kind of just start start talking about something have fun。

 right？Another example of this is。Man，d be like， wow， man， I really， really like you。 It's like。

 I don't know if she's like taking you home to my mom or it's like throwing in a trash。Right。

 so the whole mindset or frame is that you're too good to be true。

 right So when you put this mindset on this frame of you're too good to be true。

 it shows that I want you in my life， but I can't have you like oh my gosh。

 like this guy like he wants me and he's so valuable and he w to take He wants to take me。

 But he like doesn't I don't know。 Like I need to chase him。

 It's like it cr is like back and forth in the girls's mind And the way this comes out to you towards other girls is that like yeah you want them as well。

 but like not right now， like I'm too busy for you right And as a guy on your mission on your purpose。

 like this will naturally come about。 like if you go to a venue， you go out to the club。

 you're doing a workout outside， you have your goal。

 And if you see a cute girl in the club or if you see cute girl on your run outside， It's like， yeah。

 you could stop for her but like at the same time， your focus on your run So you see this push pull kind of idea。

 I want you to understand in your mind that。You have to really balance this masculinline misttaking with like statements of pulling away from the girl at times。

 right and allows her to chase you。So other ways to do this is。

 if you guys have been texting back and forth， sometimes randomly stop， right， Just stop texting her。

 right， allowow her to chase you。Right or in mid conversation， if you've been talking， talking。

 talking， right， and then she's been talking back a little bit， just pause， look away。

If she doesn't engage with the conversation， Maybe she's not interested， right。

 If you've been touching her or touching her a lot。 And then all of a sudden。

 you pick up your hand and she kind of like has a loose hand。 pull your hand away。 be like， oh， yes。

 you suck holding hands， right， It's all flirting。 It's all fun。 It's all play。 Okay。

 I want you to really balance this back and forth between pressure on and pressure off。 right。

 This is the play of。😊，This is the basis of the beginning of foreplay for the girl。

As you learn later on the S God method， I want you to recognize that when you have sex with a girl。

 it's always two steps forward， one step back。it cres。Like emotion， The girl。

 like imagining like you're in bed with a girl and you're about to put your hands down touch her。

 you know where and you pull your hand away。 Like what that does to a girl is kind of like。

 oh my god， that creates like a spike of emotion， right。

 So by you putting pressure on pressure on pressure on and then pulling that away。

 It also creates that spike in emotion。 I want you to recognize how this really works for a girl for a guy。

 Well we're visual。 We're targets。 We're hunters， we see it， we want it。

 We get for a girl here to recognize it's that place that notob back and forth。

 and you have to slowly build it up and the way you build it up paradoxically is by pulling away at times。

 I want you to recognize that you have part of this yourself。 Let's take video games， for example。

 Let's just say you're playing a video game。 And you're on playing on super easy。

 And you beat the boss， you beat the whole game and it's easy。 you're bored。

 There was no challenge and you're over it， right， But if you're playing the game and you die a bunch of times and you're getting a little bit better each time when you finally beat the boss。

 It's like this huge like cl like oh my God finally beat him。😊。

You're giving the girl that same gift by pulling away。

 by putting pressure on and then looking away by throwing her hand away after she has like a weak touch or by teasing her after she has this weird thing after you complimented her。

 or by going to talk to another girl after you talk to her for 20 minutes。

 That creates us like scarcely like， oh my God， I want to win this guy over。 All right。

 So this is the whole part of you being a challenge。

 So many men never create this challenge for a girl。 Like， you will attract the most gorgeous。

 beautiful woman。 If you just add a little bit of this。😊。

Balance between the intention and the pulling away with the fun。 All right， now。

 a lot of guys when they hear this， they get stuck in their head like， okay， so like。

 is it like four masculine things， then like a fun thing pulling away like puts you in your head。

 And that's why I wanted to really convey to you like if you're a man on your purpose。

 if you're actually genuinely there to have fun at a party and your goal isn't to like get laid。

 it's to go meet people， if you are just sticking to your ideals like we talked about in your masculinity and your boundaries。

 you'll naturally do this automatically。 it's not something you have to think about。

 right now if you need to start that conscious compete。 We have to be conscious of it。

 you can start that and you'll get better at it right。

 like if you're talking to to go recognize her nonverbals and then throw little tease if you want or throw a hand away。

 or she touched on the shoulder and she kind of like goes like that like immediately pull your hand away and teaseer。

 This is the basis of cocky funny， like push pull， but。😊，Overall。

 I don't want you to get stuck too much in your head and recognize that if you just adopt the values of a high status guy。

 this will naturally come about in your conversation right when you build this abundance when you have a lot of other options of other girls。

 you're not gonna to focus on one so much。 And you should want to be the life at the party。

 you should want to walk around and talk to a bunch of other girls。

 right Okay so for your next interactions what I want you to do is I want you to add 10% more fun。

 just have fun to have no outcome of mind， don't even try to do any polling towards a goal or any masculinity。

 just have fun and allow her to chase you。 And if she doesn't that's fine。

 but I want you to practice having a freedom of outcome and just having fun and share that in the group。

😊。