# 3.06.02 - Demographics_ev

How's it going man， so in this video， let's talk a little bit about the type of women you go after or otherwise known as demographics。

Now， a lot of pickup artists and coaches will say approach all。

 you know just go ahead and approach any woman that is decently attractive zeros and ones。

 And that's not really the sign of a highqu guy。 You know。

 woman really senses an incongruence when you approach them。

 So if you don't see a girl as potentially someone you want to start a relationship with sexual or otherwise or you're just kind of like me about her when you approach a girl and you're like you don't see yourself actually super attractive to her。

 she senses that you're just trying to use her for something。

 there's that inauthenticity and it creates really awkward conversations awkward interactions and you'll have girls that reject you that you don't even find attractive and that really hurts yourself selfestte。

 when you approach a girl that is super attractive that you click with。

 it's like holy crap like this girl is everything I want and she's the most attractive girl talk to。

 So let's go into this a little bit more。 So there are three types of main girls that you're gonna to come across when you approach any girl there are receptive girls。

 unreceptive girls and neutral girls So unreceptive girls are going to be anywhere between five to 15% of girls you approach。

😊，For whatever reason。Sometimes when you approach a girl， they're just gonna be mean to you。

 They're gonna to completely ignore you。 And you're gonna to feel like， what did I do wrong。

 You have to recognize that there are a lot of crappy people out there in the world or people that are just going through difficult times。

 Sometimes a girl will reject you when it has nothing to do with you。 actually。

 most times a girl rejects you， it has nothing to do with you。

 You don't know if that girl has a boyfriend she's in love with and he's around the corner and they're about to fight about something about you know infidelity because she cheated on him in early relationship。

 So now she's like overly protective with other guys talking to her。 right。

 or let's say she was abused by guys。 she just hates random guys approaching on the street。

 Let's just say she got a fight with her mom recently or she' just lost her job。

 or she's just a really mean， fricking person， Sometimes when you approach these girls。

 You're gonna get just mean responses。 Look， I remember one timem in particular。

I was going out in college into this brand new bar that opened up。

 it was like a higher end bar Spar College town。 And there's these groups of girls in the corner like four them talking。

 And I was like， all right， first approach of the night， I felt kind of like awkward and nervous。

 but I walked up to them I poked one girl in the shoulder。 She turns and goes。

 get the fuck away from me。Like she goes， can't you see that we're just， can't you see that。

 She goes， can't you see that we're just talking with our friends， go away？I was like holy crap。

 like what， all I did was like poker on the shoulder and say what's up？Look。

 I take it personally back then like， what did I do wrong， did I come into， to meek， Did I come into。

 too strong， had nothing to do with me， man。 that girl was just。For whatever reason。

 not having a good day， right， and so sometimes you're going to get that， it's going to happen。

Rarely， really rarely so the most important thing to know is that unreceptive girls have nothing to do with you all right the second type of girl you're gonna to come across are super receptive girls now sometimes if you're at a cool party or the girl just wants to get laid or you're just her type right you a reminder of daddy。

No， look， sometimes when we walk up to the girl， she's gonna be like。

 hi and immediately just be all about you laughing up to your jokes。 Like I love these girls， man。

 these girls are just overly nice， super sweet， love flirting， just love men。

 right Sometimes it comes from a place of insecurity and they want your validation， but。😊。

Whatever the case， about again，5 to 15% of the time， you're going to come to super receptive girls。

 girls that just。Let everything happen for you。 The only way to mess up with these girls is to not make a move on them。

 look。When girls are super receptive， they're gonna be giving you all the signals that they like you。

 the big eye contact， laughing， staring at your jokes， touching you， trying to get away with you。

 being isolatory， asking you 20 questions about your life。

 right These are all signs that a girl just super loves you。 So when you come across these girls。

 just enjoy it。😊，Like， don't let them pump your state too much。

 don'll become reliant and dependent on these types of girls。 But just when they come around。

 enjoy it and take advantage of it。 Now， the majority of women you come across are going to be neutral。

 This is anywhere between 65 to 90% of girls。 When you walk up to a girl。

 she's gonna to be doing this。😊，Okay， she's just gonna to be looking at you。

 She's gonna to be taking you in， right， because most girls， if they're healthy。

 they have normal self-esteem， you know， if a guy approaches them， they're like cool。

 let's see if this guy has the confidence。 And if you show all the nonverbal， powerful behaviors。

 if you show all the high status behaviors。 If you show you're not super invested what they think about youP pass her tests。

 you'll take them from neutral。😊，Up to receptive right now。

 I want you to be well aware that the only way to turn a neutral girl into an unreceptive girl is to not show your vulnerability is to not escalate with her in verbal or non-verbal ways。

 Okay do not do not， do not do not spend any time trying to convince an unreceptive girl to become receptive。

 it is just a waste of time。 never think to yourself， oh， she may have a boyfriend。

 but I want to win her over。 like oh my gosh， she's super my type。

 I know she says she's not interested or she's being superme standofffish。 but I just。

 I want to fix her。 I want her to like me。 like that is low status behavior that is trying to seek validation when you have none。

 Okay， So when you come across an unreceptive girl， do not waste your time。

 there are plenty of other girls out there that would love to talk to you。 always remember。

 escalation equals polarization。 So always be escalating either verbally or nonverbally to know where you stand with the girl。

 Now， we already talked about where to meet woman。 But I want you to recognize how this really plays out。

 Look， let's say you have a 40 year old multimillionaire real estate mogul。

And he's at this real estate conference。 Now in that conference。

 he's gonna have a lot of perceived status。 Everyone's going know who he is。

 Everyone's going like him。 And he spoke on stage two。

 people are gonna to be coming up to him and they're gonna be like， oh my God。

 girls are gonna be talking to him， he has a lot of status there。 Now。

 if that guy were to go talk to girls at a college party that are old 1920 year olds and。😊。

He's not going to have much status there right the freaking frat bro who's like the。

President of the fraternity there at the house who's chugging beers or doing cake Sands。

 he's gonna have all the value。 And if that guy goes to the real estate place。

 he's gonna have no value。 So I want you to recognize who you choose and where you meet girls context matters。

 So because of this。 Your checklist。 Your exercise for this homework assignment for this whole entire video is I want you to know the type of girl you are into。

 I'm not just talking about looks。 that's obvious。 You just know that already。

 but I want you to be well aware。 I want you to know if she wants kids or not， right。

 I want you to know if she's a partying lifestyle。 I want you to know if she wants to see as long term or in a short termm context。

 I want you to know her values。 I want you to know her attachment style。

 which will go more into later on， I want you to know her grooming habits that she likes and what you like。

😊，I want you to know the intellectual level you want to grow at。

 Do you want to be able to have intellectual conversations with her or you want to talk about just random things。

 Do you like girls that are outdoorsy。 What are your dealer breakers。

 What are your nonnegotiables like for me， man， like a girl that cheats right has cheated in the past。

 I like red flag up or a girl that talks about a drama all the time and number3 is if she has no girls as friends。

 If a girl does not have girls as friends， that means she only gets along with guys and for me。

 that's a red flag。 as a bonus question， a very high status question to ask a girl。

 is to ask what her favorite thing in the world to do is that is gonna elicit a very powerful response about who she is as a person。

 So if she says I love to shop and I love to go partying and you're just not in that lifestyle right now。

 you like to travel， you like to go to like art galleries。

 there's probably not gonna be a good vibe there。 Now， if she says， oh my God。

 my favorite thing to do is to travel， you're like I love to travel。

 Like you guys can hit it off and a very powerful start。

 I want to end this module with a very powerful statement。😊。

The only thing you have in common with the woman that you've been dating and the woman you will date is you。

 the type of woman you are attracting in your life speaks volumes to the kind of guy you are。

If you keep attracting insecure women， women that are overly clingy。

 women that have a lot of issues that says more about you than it does about them。 All right。

 so know exactly your ideal woman， who she is， where she hangs out。

 like we talked about in the where to meet section。Know exactly how you're gonna come across to her。

 right， Know exactly what to look for what questions to ask to see， to select if she's the one。

 you do not en girls。 You select them as a high value man。 That is your process。 All right。

 Check out the checklist down below， and I'll see you in the next one。

