# 3.06.01 - Pedestal Theory_ev

What's up man， so welcome to the module on pedestal theory and congruence。Now。

 you know exactly what unreactivity is and how that's a very high value traits。

 You also learn a lot of other traits。 Now， pedestal theory is basically what we're going to explain and congruence are both some of the most。

High value traits that no one really sees under the surface。

 It's specific things you do or don't do that really communicate to the girl subconsciously that you are high value high status male。

 All right， so let's look at this first。 Let's go into you know pedestal theory and how we pedestalize woman and kind of the implications of that。

 So if you look at this， Most guys are extremely uncomfortable when they are talking to an attractive woman。

 right They think she is perfect that she's out of your league。

 Her beauty makes you just barely uncomfortable because it's so foreign you。

 you're not used to being around a girl that hots。 They don't know what to do or say to the girl。

 They just assume that pretty girls are not going to be interested in them。

 And that's simply due to a lack of exposure。 a lack of understanding that's hot woman。

 right gorgeous woman are no different than you and I。 And I could say that to you， Brmer。

 but the path of learning， the biggest path of learning is from here to here， right。

 And over time and with his understanding， you'll see exactly how this plays out emotionally。

 So you can be that high value guy。 So get that out of your head， right。😊。

The fact that she looks beautiful doesn't mean she's perfect。 And you're probably saying to yourself。

 Yeah， I know。 I know she's not perfect， but you don't know it in here， right。

 If you're acting nervous。 if you're acting anxious， you are putting her above you， right。

 you want something from her and that's what it displayed in your anxiety in the way you approach her in your nervousness。

 Okay so here's a mental shift or mental image that you can use to really put her on your level。

 So imagine her nasty right， Imagine her sweaty， greasy， you know， no makeup， you know。

 farting while running， you know， you name it， just like recognize that she can be talking about drama。

 girls can be annoying。 can you know the girls grow hair under their armpits。

 sometimes they have little hair on their must deny the shave， like no girls perfect。

 especially with social media， like and all the photoshop， you be so surprised。

 Maybe you recognize it sometimes。 But like you'd be so surprised about like。😊。

Girls can smell bad man they get body deodorant like or body odor。

 you have to recognize that when you're talking to this girl that like see her for how she actually is。

 This is not putting her below you。 This is putting her on equal playingful as you that she's a human being with faults。

 Okay， you have to recognize that when you see a woman a hot girl out。

 she spent hours putting on makeup， making herself presentable。 Okay。

 and she's putting forward her best self as well。 just like you。😊，Right。

 but when you can recognize that she's this normal human being and she has these faults。

 like it really changes the game for you。 Now， I'm going to tell you a story that I'm not proud of。

 but it really hammers this point home for you。 Now， I'm not proud of this。 Okay。

 but one of the most attractive girls I've ever dated， she and I。😊。

We're dating for a while and then one night we got really drunk both of us and we back to our house and she didn't want to have sex with me and I'm sitting there and I'm angry at her being resentful again。

 I'm not proud of this and we got to a huge fight and I was just being mean to her。

And earlier that night， she was walking around the bar and like she had the most value out of anyone in that bar by far。

 like all the guys were staring at her， all of these guys were coming up to me trying to be my friend just to like get to know her and her friends And by far like everyone was trying to buy her drinks。

 she was just the high like walking around with their head high like everyone was just staring guys trying to talk to her and she wouldn't even recognize I' like that's how much status she had in the social setting and that's how she was used to。

And then when we get back to her house， she's sitting there crying， right。

 naked on the floor because we were about to have sex and so she was naked and then we got to fight。

 blah， blah， blah。And she was sitting there in the corner with her knees tucked in。

 like hands in her eyes， crying。 And I'm like， here's this super high value girl that。

Guys were just like oogling over and just like desiring and wanting so bad。

 And like she didn't even recognize them。 And now she's sitting here in the corner crying， right。

 And I'm really ashamed to share that story， right， was。I'm not proud of that。

But it goes to show that， you know。Treat a girl like a celebrities shall treat you like a fan。

And a lot of times you're giving this girl this hot girl her power， her status， right。

 And so by understanding that she's human just like you and she's never going to really give you。

Anything that you don't already have， it really knocks your down a pe on an equal playing field。

 so let's look at this even further in regards to congruency all right。So。If you see here。Alright。

 so congruency basically means that your thoughts， emotions and actions are all in alignment。

 They're all connected and incongruency is when one is disconnected and women feel this disconnection。

 They feel that there's something different， right This is what girl's called creepy。

 because when a guy's creepy。 He's coming in， He's staring at a girl was you。 He's staring at a girl。

 He clearly wants to talk to it， but he's not doing anything about it， right， He's just staring。

 right， So that's incongruent and creepy， right Another example of this is this， right。

 let's say you have the thought that the girl's hot。 You have feelings of a desire。

 And then when you see her， you do an indirect opener。 You say， hey， what's up， yeah。

 how's the weather and you start talking about indirect things and she feels your desire。

 she's gonna to think something's weird， she's not going know what it is。

 but it's gonna to come out as incongruent and therefore low value。 But if you are direct。

 You're direct with a girl。 a direct opener， She's gonna feel that congruency。

 Now she may still reject you， but at least you're showing a high value trait by being congruent。

 right Another example of this is when you walk up to a girl。 Let's say you have the thought that。

You know， I'm nervous， right， let's say you say like， I'm nervous and you have that thought。

 And so you feel obviously nervous， right， you feel anxiety， right， nervousness。

 And then you fake confidence right here。 Like you fake confidence， right。

 you pretend you're confident。Right like the girl's going to sense that fake confidence。

 she's gonna test you heart。 She's not gonna to believe it's gonna come off as incongru。

 But if you walk up to the girl and you're nervous， she say， hey， I'm really nervous right now。

 but I found you really cute。 She's gonna feel that congruency behind you。

 That's why it's a higher value trait to express how you naturally feel instead of putting on some front。

 right。So start to be more congruent in your actions with girls。Now the pedestal theory。

 something I like to do on dates is。Whenever I'm with a girl and I'm dating her and I find her just。

 I'm in a moment where I'm feeling nervous or I'm feeling anxious or I feel like she has more status than me。

 right， she's not being reactive。 What I'll do is I'll close my eyes and I'll imagine her on this pedestal right above me。

 I'll literally see her visualizing on a pedestal。 And what I'll do is I'll imagine us kind of slowly connecting right So what it looks like。

 It's like I'll literally bring her down。😊，To my level and make it an even playing field， right。

 And when I do that visualization， it creates the emotion of more comfort and relaxation within me。

 So the two exercises I want you to do in the checklist down below is in the next interactions you have。

 The first thing I want you to do is I want you to be 100% congruent with your thoughts。

 emotions and actions。 whatever you are feeling， whatever you are think you are going to express that。

 If you find your super hot or if you're nervous or you've never done this before or like you don't want to regret not talking to her。

 whatever it is whatever's on your mind， practice just doing it。

 being completely congruent that the whole conversation， not focusing on her outcome on her reaction。

 The second thing I want you to do is I want you to next time you feel nervous with the girl。

 Why you're talking to her， visualize in your mind。

 just her on the pedestal and slowly lower down and raise yourself up until you're on that equal playing field and you feel natural and normal to her。

 right， It's hard to see girls the way they are。 Girl don't want to be treated like this princess that like they're better than the guy。

 a girl wants to admire and respect the guy she's with and therefore she wants to feel like an equal。

 She wants to respect。😊，She wants to look up to you in a lot of ways， okay。

 so recognize that if you see her above you， she's not going to have that powerful attraction for you。

I'll see you in the next one。