# 5.01 - How to Spark Attraction Through Push-Pull M_ev

How's it going， man。 So we talked about the basis of attraction。

 what it is that you need to evoke strong emotions on the girl that if you do not。

She'll see you as boring flat line， you'll be put in the friend zone， you'll be ignored。

 it is better for a girl to hate you than to be indifferent about you。

 right the opposite of love isn't hate it's indifference So you want her to feel something about you so let's jump into this。

So I want you to recognize that strong emotion is crucial， right。

 Attraction is caused by these strong emotions。 Being nice without creating strong emotions is the worst thing and will never get you anywhere。

 right So emotional shift story。 So you have far better chances of sparking attraction in her if she initially hates you or feel some negative type of way than if she kind of likes you because hate is a stronger emotion than liking。

 I know this is counterintuitive。 But I've had girls。 absolutely be like oh。

 you're such an asshole Like what's wrong with you and then later we're making out right。

 she likes me， she should come out and talking to me。

 it's better to make her feel something than nothing。 Therefore。

 if you cannot create strong emotion first， your second best choice is to get her to hate you by being teasing by being a little bit of a hole in a funny way and we're going to teach you how to do that。

😊，So look at this graph。 What I want you to see right here is that the middle is the worst place to be。

 like I said， right you want to。 you prefer likes you a lot。

 but if you had to choose be a little bit of an a hole。

 like try to win her over by showing you different by using cocky funny So remember。

 also women are only attracted to guys that are equal or higher status than them。

 It's a survival mechanism you need to show these high status behaviors。

 which you are learning throughout this whole entire course， women only are attracted to men。

 they perceive as equal or higher status， get that through your skull。

 So if women think your lower status in them， then you won't even exist for them。

 So just like you women have a particular activation system。

 Basically we go into any environment and you only attune or you only see or have selective focus towards things that give you survival。

 add to you or a threat right So literally if she sees you as low status。

 I've seen girls like a guy will come up to them and the way he just presents himself。

 she doesn't even see him like it is crazy like a girl I've seen guys come up to a girl。😊。

Theyre like， hi， like and she just washed I by and I would talk to these girls and be like， yo。

 did do you see like I just tried to hit on you and she's like？Wait what， what guy？

It is insane and if you are super high status， you could be standing with there。

With a girl in a concert or a loud bar， and it's just you too。

 and everyone could try to be her attention， but she is just so locked onto you that nothing else matters in the world except for you too。

It's pretty insane。 so higher status is a perception people get about you based on how you act right It's based on your appearance。

 confidence， body language， eye contact， nonverbals， preselection， which we'll talk about values。

 congruency， authenticity， self- auseement standards life goals friends。

 the values are the higher end advanced game stuff。

 it's important to fake it until you make it and then as you progress throughout this course。

 you're gonna learn the new belief systems to adopt get those new experiences and it'll become part of who you are。

 So you wantt have to fake it anymore。 but it's okay to just fake it and learn as you go to build up that unconscious competence。

 just learn， learn， learn and give yourself selfaccept when you're not 100% perfect all the time。

 So once you conclude that you're high status guy。 there is one core formula to spark attraction。

 which is part of all the attraction and sexual attention techniques you're about to learn So some people call this push pull technique。

 Some people call it playful plus challenging， cocky funny， it's change names over time。

 but the basic premise is you give a high state of intention that you like her and reward。

With positive affection， whether a touch， positive praise。 And then you pull away。

 So let's look at how this is。 So I'm gonna give you plenty examples。

 but I don't want you to steal these if you have to， you can use them。 but eventually。

 I just want you to get the basic gist。 And then you come up with your own。

 Okay It's basically a statement of intention or a physical showing of intention through a hug touch。

 kiss。 And then the opposite right after that。 All， So let's say she wants to go home right。

 what you could do is you could say I just can't go home with you like that。 I'm shy， right。

 So this is also called flipping the script。😊，You're always interpreting her every word out of her mouth as really。

Statements that are attracted towards you。 right， So if she were to say to herself， man。

 like I'm super sore today from working out， be like， all right， like， I'll give you massage later。

 but only five minutes。 you have to stop like make it so obvious you want to massage for me。

 Like get it。 You're always interpreting things as flirting right as her saying she likes you。

 Whatever she does， you are interpreting it as she likes you。 If she is being RBF face。

 you think to yourself， she's playing hard to get in your frame and your reality。

 she will succumb to that and see you the way you are seeing her。 Does that make sense。😊。

So in this example， you're pretending like she you know。

 says she needs to go home and she wants to go home with you right She's only inviting you to come over and it's playful。

 Obviously， you know you're not shy because you're very confident。

 but it's what makes it funny right you're saying the opposite It's the basis of flirting right it's being incongruent on purpose as a way of flirting So if the girl says something like overly smooth or like statement attention towards you。

 you could say something like you're such a player don't talk to me right this is something that a girl would say to the guy again。

 you're flipping the script here This shows that you're different than so many other men because so many other men out there like what do they do。

 They basically go up to the girl and they've learned through movies media what girls say that oh。

 I just gonna show that I like her and get along with her and man。

 this is super simple and it's sad because it is so easy to do and a girl will become addicted to you because no other guy is doing this。

 literally no other guy。 No other guy is teasing her like this like 99。

99% of guys don't know how to do this。😊，Technique， and that's why you will become so addicted to her show but to be like。

 who are you， Like， like， she'll be asking you questions。 She'll want to know where you live。

 Like what， where you're from， Like， it is crazy。 and she'll become locked into you because you're just so different。

 So let's say you're clubbing。 and she's really into you。 and she's touching you。

You guys are dancing and then you get to say something like， stop thinking dirty things。 God。

 it just met， right， So obviously， that's the assumption that she's pretty dirty， right。

 And you put it in her mind。 You're planting this idea in her mind of her being dirty。

 which all girls are。 And but then you do a little push away with I just met you right。

 making that a little bit of a challenge， right， you always want to do the push away because the push is essential because if you do not。

 if you just say a statement of intention。 like， stop thinking dirty things。 And then that's it。

 There's like so much pressure on her。 she's like， oh， okay， yeah， like maybe I was。😊。

Even if you say it jokingly， you have to say that second statement of the push away to know that you're not gonna be clingy。

 that you're not gonna be stalkish， that you're not gonna be so like always on her， right。

 The girl wants to be able to chase you at time。 So the statement of the push or the challenging is essential in these statements。

 right， The push in the pull。 iss the yin and the yang， right， C that balance。

 This is the essence of flirting。So when she tries to make fun of you or has a really good comeback with your banter。

 youd basically just look at her and be like。I freaking hate you right。

 Another example of this is you pull the girl in close to you， give her a hug like， oh。

 you're the freaking worst， right， And then you push her away， right。

 or let's say you go to make out with her for the first time， right， So you go in to kiss her。

 go in to kiss， make， You pull away， you look at it her and be like。Wow。You're awful of kissing。

Just like that， right。 And if a girl responds to you like， oh my God， stop， like。

 that is the best response。 A girl laughing and hitting you is like the ultimate response that she likes you。

 And as a guy， what you do is you're just she hits you。 you're just like， okay。😊。

You're indifferent to it。RightI'll give examples of this in the section on touch you'll see I just with another girl。

 so let's look at another example when she says something funny it makes you laugh right。

 push her way and tell her stoptop doing this， you're making me like you too much so that one is you're pushing away right with the physical but you're giving a statement of intention right there's the mix right there。

It's abrupt， it's unpredictable， confusing since you're saying this and you're doing something fun and you know all other guys would love this and you're pretending like you don't even want to be attracted to her you're making it a challenge for which no guy does so you stick out from every other guy Another example when she smiles and you know she's pretty instead of complimenting in her and sounding needy you could say wow。

 you have a really beautiful smell probably the second best I've seen tonight right and I want you to be aware that this really only works with girls with high self-esteem I want to throw caveat him because a girl with lower self-esteem。

 a girl who's like more unattractive which。If you find your attractive。

You probably shouldn't be hitting on her maybe。To each their own like you go after the girl you want。

 but this ends the only work with girls that have high self esteem right like they know they're beautiful and so if you give them a little tease。

Like most guys in their life， especially attractive girls。

 they're being constantly chased and like guys just like oh you're beautiful。 Oh you're amazing。

 And like all this stuff。 And it's just like it's cringy right So by teasing her a little bit。

 she knows you're joking。 she knows you're not serious。

 you both know that she's attractive right So by bringing her down a peg。 It's just a joke。

 like we do this because the girls like it like When you tease the girl。

 It makes the girl feel safe makes her feel comfortable around you that you're not gonna be needy。

 Like this is the reason why you do the push。 you do the challenge。 So let's recap a little bit。

 Attract is the key that opens all doors。 If you do not spark attraction。

 The girl will consider you as a friend or she'll just ignore you in general。

 attraction is not logical。 It's an emotional process right。😊。

How you make the girl feel is super important。 And that's why when we say that attraction is not a choice。

 She nor anyone can convince you to be or not be attracted to you。

 That's why you need to use the attraction techniques you're going to learn that are specifically designed to spark attraction。

 Attract is caused by strong emotions， positive or negative。

 right And the prerequisite for all this is showing your high status behaviors。

 I like this kind of frame of mind to put it over。 right It's like lens that put over the world。 And。

😊，When you have this frame of mind on basically it has these all the beliefs you need。

 all the actions， all the emotions， all the thoughts to really have this cocky funny vibe。

 And that is she is too good to be true and you do not like things that are good for you especially in the relationship context。

 So what this looks like is it's like I'm talking every time I talk to a girl it's like man all like we have too much in common。

 you need to get out here like you're too toxic we're too st we're gonna get along too much and we're gonna too we're gonna to about heads all the time。

's like girls want to meet a guy that they get along with and they have a lot in common with。

 So when you reject that they're like but wait， like we have a lot in common and you want to reject me and makes them want to chase this is the secret to getting girls chasing you it's like you show that you like her。

 you show that she's different but you can't have that in your life right now she's just too good to be true that you're trying to focus on other things in your life in your purpose and you can't really have a woman just like taking all your time falling in love with her this is a really advanced mindset frame to have。

Right， it's too good to be true。 And when you put this frame of mind on when you're flirt with a girl。

 she'll basically think like， oh my God， this guy is different and he doesn't want me。

 Like it makes her want to get to know you even more。 So remember， show a statement of intent。

 You can either do it through verbal things， saying that you like her。 She's different。

 She's special， complementing her looks and then do it push away with either physical or push away the words。

 right it could be like。😊，You can do a combination of all four You could do a physical intention。

 Love liking her with a verbal pushing away， you can do a verbal liking with a physical pushing away or physical liking with a physical push away without so what a physical liking a physical push away would be is like you pull her in close like freaking love you and I freaking hate you at the same time and you push her away combining all four if you want to So try to master this push pull technique for your exercise for this week。

 the checklist， I give examples a push pull down below。

 But what I want you to essentially do is I want you to use this push pull I want you to do the teasing technique I want you to try combinations of verbal pull verbal push。

 know physical pull verbal push like all the combinations。 see what works for you。

 And where that mindframe over your head it's too good to be true and you'll see the girls will treat you so much differently'。

😊，You'll be cracked to them， right because you're so different than every other guy that has come up to in the past multiple years。

 all right？See you in the next。