# 5.02 - Emotional Connection_ev

How you feel man。 So at this point in the training。

 you know how to spark powerful and uncontrollable attraction to bypass the girl logical brain to get her absolutely connected to you in an attractive face to see you as an attractive guy to want to really sleep with you right sees you as this high value guy。

 Now we're gonna start building the emotional connection。

 It's probably something you're actually naturally good at。

 But I want to give you a lot of techniques and different kind of things to do with her to really build this powerful emotional connection now。

😊，A word of caution。I don't want you to use these techniques if you don't authentically want to connect with the girl。

 Sometimes you just have a strong attraction for a girl。

 and that's enough to hook up with her and to have a women relationship with just sex。

 But sometimes guys， they want a fake an emotional connection just so the girl will sleep with them just so the girl will chase them more to have this power dynamic。

 And that's something I do not want you to do。 like this could be used。For darkness and manipulation。

 right， Dark side， like being called a player， fuck boy， all that negative stuff。

 So I don't want you to use these things。 If theres no authentic connection。

 If there's no similar value， similar lifestyle， similar vibe。 All right。

 If there's just a connection to attraction， I don't want you to do these things because it's not authentic。

 That makes sense。 With that being said， let's jump in。Okay， so here's what we're going cover。

 We're going cover what emotional connection is。 What are some of the core emotions you need to make the woman feel in this phase in order to create them。

 why emotional connection always has't come after the attraction and some techniques for you to follow。

 So the definition of emotional connection is a relaxed conversation with a fun undertone。

 which establishes trust and somewhat inspires her。 So remember。

 phase one attraction being polarizing， unpredictable cockyf push pull indifferent to the outcome showing your intent。

 that high status behavior is the eye contact， the nonverbal stuff， right。

 That's all the attraction of face which we've covered。

 And now essentially emotional connection is trust and motivation。

 It's basically creating a shared intimacy between you two。😊。

The difference between women just being interested in you and wanting to date you and sleep with you and create a stronger relationship is this piece。

Alright， so the two keywords I've used are trust and ambition。 If there is no trust with you， right。

 You are simply just pure attraction， you'll be a fuck boy。 She'll sleep with you in the short term。

 She'll see you as that short termm alpha guy。 and she'll hook up with you once drunk。

 and never talk to you again。 And that's what you want。 fine， Like just be congruent with that。

 But if it's not， then you need to establish that trust。 And if you have no ambition。

 you'll be that fun guy， she sleeps with occasionally， you know， she trusts you a little bit。

 But you know， eventually she's gonna want to leave you。 I've heard plenty of girls say， yeah。

 he just wasn't ambitious。 So I eventually left him for a better guy， right。

 So emotional connection makes you feel relatable and relevance， the perfect combvo。

 you're not some sassy celebrity。 never who would never care about her right。

 you are at the same time， a challenge for her and the inspiration。 of how great life can be。

So the emotional connection goal is after the girl is already attracted to you。

 she thinks you're high status。 You're cool。 You're interesting。

 You're different than every other guy。 And the goal of creating the emotional connection is to establish trust to make her feel somewhat inspired by the ambition of who you are as a person。

 right， She thinks， wow， you're different than every other guy I've ever met in the attraction phase。

 Now I recognize you're different in the emotional face， too。

 Like you're the top 1% of guys she's ever met。 So for the ambition piece， this is just an example。

 like I want you to 1ex your goals。 right， even if you currently have struggle believing that you have lofty goals。

 like we're gonna cover this a lot more in depth later on， But you need to have that higher purpose。

 that thing that wakes you up every single day。 That's more important than the girl， your purpose。

 and you share that with the girl to show that you are very ambitious， right。

 This is showing that you have that resource allocation ability。

 right that you are top 1% of guys who can spark attraction and。😊，Have the resources， all right。

So looks like a trust， things in common， right？So Robert Chalinni wrote the bookPsuasion。

 he's a preeminent author and psychologist and he says。

  when you think that the other person is very similar to you。

 you rationally increase the emotions of trust。"，If you think about this。

 people do business with people they like， you buy products of products you trust。

 Trust is essential， right， Trust is showing that you are safe。

 that you are going to provide resources for her。If you both love memes， for example。

 or traveling to Southeast Asia， then she's like， wow， I can share constant memes with this guy。

 I have a future， imagined future with him。 We can travel to Southeast Asia together， right。

 things in common， right It makes at the end of the day， we hate ourselves what we love ourselves。

 right， things that are like us， we trust。 So the more things you have in common。

 The moresll trust you。 The mistake a lot of guys make is that they're overly like， oh my God。

 you like that， too， And they get super reactive。 Remember the unreactivity。😊。

Don't make it a big deal， Like， no， it's a big deal in your head and convey that nonverbally。

 but do not be overreactive when you have a lot of things in common。Just be like， cool。

 we have that in common。 Awesome， right， don't make it too much。 Otherwise， she's like， oh， wow。

 this guy is low status。 He barely ever connects。 And it's gonna to seem weird。

 right They're gonna to be clingy。 So the things in common with the girl dont not have to be huge。

 Like everything you you have in common makes you more relatable。

 It doesn't have to be spirituality or politics。 It could be little things。 All right。

 very niche things。 So another way to build establish trust is to have an enemy in common enemy。

 So if you both hate Trump， you can bond on that。 if you both hates。

Rocky wrote ice cream if you both hate certain TV shows。 if you both hate k popop， you name it right。

 Like find things that are you both hates。 So also establishes us versus them a mentality。

 which goes into the tribal psychology disclosure。 So this is a huge one， you guys。

 So so many guys are very they disclose too much about themselves too quick。

 right when a girl says she likes a mysterious guy。

 essentially what she wants you to do is she wants you to hold back a little bit。

 but slowly let on things that are uncommon。 and let her lead that a little bit right you should be sharing things about yourself。

 But when she sayss something deep about her。 and that's genuinely in common。

 like let's say I'm gonna go dark here。 but let's just say you guys are both emotionally abused by your mom。

 Okay I know it's kind of weird， but like something really deep。 the more。The deeper the w。

 the more universal it is， right， So if she shares something about her。

 she opens up about something really personal。 And you have a similar experience。

 The law of reciprocity is gonna kick in， and you're gonna to have a desire to share that。

 sharere it a little bit， right， Say， I don't usually share this。 But， you know。

 I really like the way you think。 it's like I'm talking to someone that I've been friends for a long time。

Another powerful thing to do is when you look at the girl。And only do this when it's genuine。

 when it's congruent， otherwise， it will not it will come off as being fake or sleazy。

 But if you feel like you've known her and you have a lot in common。

 you look at her in the eyes and you say like。I feel like I've met you before。

 I don't know why it's weird。 It's kind of weird， but I feel like I've met you anyways。

 see how that's kind of push pull。 like you state it and it's different and she's unique。

 but don't carry on with it。 You move on to the next conversation。All right。

 so using evergreen psychology。 So evergreen psychology is basically cold reading。 Now。

 as a psychologist， I was able to do this really easily。 I don't want you to go overboard with it。

 like I don't want you to， for example， I used to read palms in college and I got called that hardcore by all the other guys like oh gonna to read my poem。

 these girls would come to me like read my palm Josh。

 I didn't know how to respond to tests so I kind of catered into that if I knew how to respond to tests。

 I could' have used it to my advantage， but。😊，I only want you to do cold reading when you really established powerful connection with the girl。

 and she seems different。 Look， girls are super into astrology。 Okay。

 and astrology basically uses cold reading techniques in that。

Everyone believes that they have been greedy at time， selfish， stubborn， compassionate。

 every adjective you can name someone's felt like they've been that way before。

 So when you use generalities like， man， I could tell that， know when most people meet you they。

They don't really get to know the true you， like it takes a while for you to open up and that's pretty rare for you。

When someone's your friend tolike， they really get to be your friend like loyalty is important to you and that's super rare。

I feel like you have a soft bar in your heart and when someone really gets to know you like you'll bend over backwards for them。

 Like all those things all girls do， right， they're very giving。 they're very compassionate。

 a lot of girls hold off at first。 But she'll feel like， oh my God， this guy really knows me。

 So don't rely on this up too much， but cold reading is an example of way to do this。 Allright。

 So being humble Once you mentioned something impressive about yourself。

 And you see that the girl is impressed。 always pretend that it's not a big deal right So。😊。

An example， it's called a humble bra， right， and you can basically elicit high value stuff。

 but then always beat yourself down about it。 So like an example of this is like。

Talking about your own business like I'm own business but I'm like。

 but I lose my keys three times a week， right Yeah。

 like I love like I don't know you're talking about how much you bench。 please don't ever do that。

 But just an example， you're talking about some accollay physically you have。

 but you're like but yeah， I can't even touch my toes though So it's like giving yourself a push pull kind of thing。

 like showing high status， but then giving yourself a little bit of low status saying something that you did really positive。

 some reward， you know if you got your doctrine in something。

 Let's say you did a keynote speech somewhere， you say that。 but then you're like man。

 I would felt like my heart was gonna burst out on my chest。

 I was so nervous right So it's like mentioning something high status。

 but then doing a little bit of a knocking yourself down So it shows a little bit of humility。

 which is essential girls hate narcissist。😊，Verly。 so using meaningful questions。

 So an example of this is one of three things about you that would make a guy want to get to know you。

 but cant have anything to do with your looks， or another one is， you know。

 when's the last time you did something outside of your conference zone。

 So this is creating deep and meaningful responses in her。

 but it's also challenging her a little bit。 You can also say something like you're super attractive。

 but I bet you get that all the time。 I'm kind of curious， Like beauty's pretty common。

 What else is unique about you beside your looks。 So it's basically establishing that you know。

 being around a pretty girl is common for you and you want to know how she's different。

 This is getting her to qualify herself。So you can kind of also humbly mention your goals。

 And when you do this， you're not looking for a response。

 You're just talking about your what you're passionate about。 remember。

 she's feeling your emotion right， she hears like， oh my God， this guy has like。Huge aspirations。

 like when I was walking to my neighborhood， there's these million dollar homes。

 I don't I do live in a million dollar home， but I don't own it I'm running anyways。

 but I'm walking by the homes I'm like， I'm gonna own that one day。 Yeah。

 the house is gonna be mine I'm gonna walk up to their dorm and be like hey。

 let's let you know Im taking your house in a couple years。

 So I kind of do it playfully jokingly but I'm also seriously she's like， wow。

 this guy actually wants to live like in a multimillion dollar home That's his。

But I'm doing it in a playful way， makes sense。So ambition control。

 So people of circumstances versus people who create opportunities， or are you a doer or a dreamer。

 do you actually get out of your own way to create opportunities or do you wait for things to just happen。

 Never， ever， ever use victim talk show that you are a winner， take higher responsibility。 I mean。

 the fact that you're in this course。 I'm pretty sure you're not a victim， but never， ever。

 ever show anything that you are a victim， right， never blame anything on anyone else。

 take responsibility for everything you do。 All right。

 so let's go into some of the emotional connection techniques， and more of it。

So we talked about this a little bit already， but I want you to have the mindframe that you are different than I thought you would be right So this is best after the first date right you've already talked to her about something youve created a meaningful story。

 Maybe you've even hooked up with her already but。You know。

 you're not really sold on anything past your looks So what you could say is like honestly you're different than I thought you'd be like let's just say I didn't expect you to have an intellectual conversation with you right you really impress me。

Or like， you could say， you know， most girls that I meet that are attractive。 Like， yeah。

 they'll have their looks。 but there's nothing。 There's no substance to him。 But like。

 I can tell that， you work harder or find something genuine。

 something unique that no other guy compliments her on。 And that is genuine。

 congruent with how you actually view her。 Find something unique about her to compliment her on。

 And that'll really stick out。So using personal opinion and questions。

 so the point of these personal questions is to get the conversation to a more meaningful level to get you to know her better。

 to understand how she thinks， to actually understand whether you like her as a person or you do not。

 right， because even though she's pretty and attractive。

You're not going to date or even ask her on another date if you guys don't click on a mental and emotional level You need aligned values。

 This is what creates a longerlasting relationship。

 This is where you find out that there's red flags。

 if she's crazy if you have huge differences that are gonna lead to a lot of conflict in the future So these personal questions are intended to literally connect you on every level and for her to see that you really like her beyond her looks and you would be able to talk to her for hours and hours。

 even after you sleep with her inbed right， you need to make sure after you have sex with her Can you have a conversation。

 Do you want her around So let's look at chemistry。

 So emotional connection is developed as you make her feel good and special while talking with her while concerning on different topics and different things。

 get to know her how she thinks what she values， like ask her meaningful questions like the ones below I know you don't know me well。

 but I'm curious what's the one word that comes to your mind if you were describe me right So I basically and what I'm gonna to do is you're gonna see the checklist down below。

 you're gonna see a link to Dr。 Arthur Aaron's 36 questions to fall in love So I recommend using these questions on the third or fourth day to really create。

😊，Powerful connection with the girl so let's go over the big tea fight right so this method is quick fun and kind of challenge a little bit。

 but it breaks a distance between you two and her early on making you more comfortable touching her。

 And after you made her comfortable， relaxed， playful you can use this technique So the three steps。

 the curious question the shocking truth and then the challenge so the curious question tell her you were kind of curious about what she thought about you when she first met you this is emotionally enthralling and it's about her the shocking truth say that it is that the first thing you notice on her or her big thumbs or something just unique about her the shocking truth she'll be shocked uncomfortable angry because no woman wants to have big thumbs or weird earlobes or interesting eyebrows but then take her thumb and start comparing it to yours and telling her that yours is slightly bigger than average and tell her that people with small thumbs are better at thumbrestling。

 And since she claims that she has small thumbs she must beat you at thumbrestling So play the game with her and don't let her easily win。

Checklist down below I led some other techniques and games you could play with the girl to create more emotional connection to make that kind of you two are more unique。

 this is rare to find， but ultimately when I want you to know that at the end of the day right if you're a guy that's high status that is in abundance right that you're gonna put a little bit of a wall you're gonna be a little bit of a mystery you're going when you get to know her on an emotional level and she's different than every other girl you've met at this point。

It should be easy to show this emotional connection right and you should be shocked by because as a guy who's high value。

 you have a lot of standards。 So when you finally meet a girl that you connect with on every level。

 it is rare and you should be congruently conveying that to her and she'll feel special。

 She'll feel that you're special and that strong emotional connection and want to bring her super close to you in every which way to create this is what's creating that like powerful。

 strong bond between you two that is going to serve as like momentum moving the relationship forward right It is the pillars that are going to establish your combined relationship house as you guys develop the kind of relationship you want together。

