# 5.03 - Conversation Casanova_ev

Welcome， Anne。 are you ready to become a conversation。 Casanova to walk up to any girl。

 Know exactly what to say to be in such a flow state that words are just kind of like a river flowing out of your mouth。

 People are just like grabbing onto all that water。 It's amazing You become super charismatic。

 The life of the party。 Every word is a magnet that attracts every single person hearing it。😊。

Sounds good， right， let's get into it。I said this plenty of times in the past with mistakes and conversation。

Mastery， but I have to emphasize this point that。There are no set of magical words like a formula I know you're probably like a systems thinker。

 rationalological that if you just said these exact words at this exact time。

 it will unlock her panties for me。That's not going to happen， man look。

You could say something in one emotional state and say the same exact thing in a different state and get two different responses。

 Right， it all comes from within。 no matter what you're saying。

 it is the other part of the communication。 The words I' am saying to you right now。 Yes。

 you hear them。 Yes， they're important， but you probably feel this certainty that what I'm saying。

 I know is true from years and thousands of hours of practice。

 And that certainty is coming across to you that oh my God。

 this guy knows exactly what he's talking about。 So I'm going to trust him。

 if I was super insecure about this。 like， yeah， you know， just use the use nonverbals and stuff。

 it works。 So yeah， and then you can just uset matter what the words you say at all。😊。

You wouldn't believe me， right， You'd be less convinced。

 And so you have to recognize that so much of getting into that conversational flow is putting yourself into the right state。

 Now， how do we do this。 Well， much like any muscle you have conversationver muscles are a thing as well。

 These emotional muscles。 And you have to recognize that there's no one out there。

 that works like 9 hours a day， goes out to a social place and immediately has a conversation down。

 We are in certain states throughout the day， right， And so you have to recognize that。

 I don't care how many years of experience anyone has myself included any advance， pick up artist。

 dating coach， whatever。 when we first get into a social setting when we haven't been we're not in a social state。

 we have to build that up， right， So give yourself some grace and acceptance that you're not always gonna be turned on。

 But if you know the repeatable process， you can always get there and that trust is gonna be enough to keep you going。

 All right， let me ask you a question。 the last time you were speaking with a best friend or you were in a really good state talking to a family member。

 someone you knew really well。Did you think much about what to say。

 Were you in your head thinking like， what do I say next to get this person to like me， If so。

 that needs to shift， But most likely， you know someone who's like a best friend growing up or a family member。

 where you can be your 100 per authentic self， and it doesn't matter。

 they fully accept you And because of that， it doesn't matter what you say。

 which makes you more charismatic， which makes people accept you more。 Now， because you are。

Stuck on the need of approval and validation from woman。 You get stuck in your head like。

 I want this thing from this girl。 So therefore， I need to cens myself and prevent myself from being my real self。

 which is counterintuitive right So how do we overcome that。

 Well the answer is called free association。 Now， free association is a therapy technique developed by Sigma F。

 Basically what he would do is he would have clients just completely just start talking about random things He would ask him a question。

 he wanted their answer immediately。 So if I said son， you would say bright。

 if I said water you would say what。 if I said girl。

 you would say So what basically this is it's getting you into the muscle of not having that logical filter over what you say。

 It's just free flowing coming out， right， You' you're not censoring yourself at all。

 And when you start to get into the state of just saying whatever you want， whatever on your mind。

 then it doesn't really matter the girl feels that authentic congruency。

 like we talked about before and that congruency is immensely valuable。

 So there's no secret around this， it's about developing this mental muscle。

 So the first thing I want you to do。 There's three。Sizes in this module。 But the first one is。

 I want you to go in front of a mirror， or I want you to go in front of an inanimate object。

Or someone you know， right， you can do all three。 And I want you just to ramble on for five minutes straight about nothingness。

 Whatever's on top of your head， you are just speaking it out。 It doesn't matter。

 You're just talking， talking， talking， It can be about the most random subject ever。

 The most important part of this exercise is to not stop for the full five minutes。

 It's gonna to seem like forever。 But you need to be able to have this ability with a girl for 30 minutes。

 nonstop talking about whatever's on your mind So develop this mental muscle even better bonus points。

 I want you to practice this， record yourself into the group and share it with the group。

 this five minute free association， getting into a positive state first and recognizing how。😊。

It doesn't really matter what you say， right You're just looking at your nonverbals and the words that are coming out your mouth are just kind of random I'm doing it right now。

 for example， there's no filter。 It's just a free flowing flow of words coming out of my mouth right There's no censorship going on The second homework exercise after you did this shared it in the group as I want you for your next approach is yes to basically free associate when you go up to these girls。

 Don't forget to assume familiarity。 You already know her there is no opener right You walk up。

 you start talking and you nonstop talk for five minutes with her about whatever is on your mind。

About the weather about her dog， what you're seeing what you're observing。 There is no filter。

 I don't want you to get her number。 I don't want you to go for an outcome。

 There is no outcome in mind。 The only outcome。 The point of this exercise with these conversations with the next girl your approach。

 It's just a free associate just to talk five minutes straight。

 not giving a damn what comes out of your mouth， not judging it。

 not putting any labels on it just accepting that what you're saying is all that matters in that it doesn't matter what you say。

 it's just that you're saying that's all it matters。

 Okay now sometimes the conversations will die down。 you will have silences。 And you know。

 it kind of is what it is， right， But there's a couple things you can do when these conversations die down that can ramp your state back up。

 ramp the conversation back up and make things valuable。 Okay。

 so inevitably some conversations will die down。 you'll have those moments， those awkward moments。

 especially when you first approach a girl where they'll be that awkward silence。

 you'll go up with your head。 You'll think interview questions right。

 you'll think interview questions and。What that's going to do it's going to convey that you're not comfortable with yourself。

 that's like the first test a girl gives you is her silence。

We're gonna go to test a lot later on how to pass them every single time。

 But there's a couple ways you can deal with silences to not make it awkward not produce that feeling of anxiety that she'll feel。

 and she'll just want to rebuild， right， So let's see how to address the silences。

 First thing I want you to recognize is that when a girl is silent。

 it does not mean she is not interested。 Look， if a girl。Really internalizes。

 If the girl is standing there， looking at you， listening to you， she is interested。

I don't care what her face says she is an adult。 She can make any excuse to walk away at any moment if she is listening to you there。

She's interested。Period， okay， she can walk away。 so just get that in your head。 Okay。

 that shes always interested if she's standing there listening to you。Women like to take a guyss in。

 They like to take in your personality。 So a lot of times they're going to be quiet。

 They're going to be listening。 And a guy that approaches a girl is showing very high value。

So therefore， they're going to be like， oh my God， I'm kind of nervous and they don't know what to say。

So with those beliefs， recognizing that silence is not a bad thing doesn't mean that you're not interesting enough for her to talk to right she has to warm up to you she's taking you in and she can leave at any time Okay。

 that should help you a lot with the next awkward silence she can into Now the first thing you could do what a high status mail will do and an awkward silence。

Is that so just hold the silence you'll be comfortable with it Now as a therapist decides a proxis for a long time。

 I hated that silences， right but。Silence is not a bad thing。

 I want you to become friends with silence。When there's silence。There's space。

 and when there's space， there's an ability to connect more with the person。So， just。

If the silence arises， simply we look at her one eye。

Just kind of have this little smirk on your face， smile at her。

Let her fill it in that's a very crucial moment the first silence is showing who is more higher or lower value。

if she fills it in， she's like， wow， this guy's unwavering。This guy is comfortable in who he is。

 All right， So that is the best form。Of how to deal silences， the best way to deal with silences。

 if that's something you have to work up to what you can do is you can recognize how to do self auseement。

 Now self- ausements will get into more later on。 but basically what self- auseement is。

 it is your ability to what it sounds like make the conversation fun And so this comes from a mindset you have that talking to girls is a fun thing。

 expressing who you are It' fun。 you get to show your personality。

 and this happens more over time more conversations will become more rewarding for you and you'll want to do this as time goes on as you get more and more and more interactions but essentially what you can do to make the conversation fun。

 What could you say to make it fun。 A lot of times it's telling a funny joke。

 It's making a funny observation。 It is telling a funny story。 Now， as a beginner。

 this might be candid first and you might have to pull from something and will seem a little awkward or incongruent But over time。

 these will naturally come to you。 And if you're in a fun state you're in that positive state。

 It's really easy to go to these stories or these jokes because of the state you're already。😊。

it's easier access recall okay but essentially the number one way to deal with silences is well first of all。

 avoid them right by learning free association， talking about whatever's the top of your mind the second thing is to not ask questions not do interview mode and the third and final thing is just to hold the silence and let the girl fill it in yourself。

 which is showing extremely high value you are comfortable with her walking away at any moments。

 right。😊，And if you want a fourth bonus1， you can just call the silence out， be like， silence。

 I love it。 just smile。 So your exercise for this week。 you'll check in the checklist。

 but I want you to basically the next conversation you go to After a couple minutes of free associating。

 you get an ability down。 I also want you to have a purposeful silence。 hold it。

 look at the girl in the eyes and let her fill it in。 with that awkward feeling， become used to it。

 the more you build that muscle and sitting with a silence is being able to free associateociate any and every conversation you go into。

 you will be the source of positive emotions， talking about whatever you want。

 bringing that powerful， beautiful ability to connect。

 and we're gonna get to stories later on and how to be an amazing storyteller。 but。😊。

Post that in the group， share your experiences with the approaches， and I'll see you the next。

