# 5.04 - Pass Her Tests_ev

Welcome to class， welcome to school。So。Women will always test you。 And in this video。

 I'm going to tell you exactly why they test men， how to end up loving these tests。

 how to pass them every single time to the point where you're going to be looking for them because。

 you know that they're signs that she actually really likes you。 So let's get into it。

So a woman has no way to fully determine whether you're a high value guy except for your behaviors over time。

 or if you're preseed， like we said， by the way， if she sees you a super high status talking to like a gorgeous1 that's all over you。

 you can come talk to her。 she'll give you less tests。 but that being said， most girls won't it。

 you won't have the opportunity to do that so。Learn how to pass tests。 Look。

 the girl needs a large sample size of who you are as a guy。 Now。

 your true self is always coming through。 But the way she can really see if you're legit。

 if you're in this actual attractive guy that approached her and not some just like got some like courage that you're just going for her and then you get it like she wants to basically put chins in your armor to see if you're like real And a lot of times she'll do this through a test。

 And this is because a lot of women understand that a lot of guys can fake confidence or they can build up the liquid courage approach her once or like it was a dare or whatever it is。

 So the girls are all like， okay， from their perspective， is this guy really confident。

 I this guy congruent with the guy he's presenting himself as。 And when she tests you and you fail。

 she's like， y he's fake in it and they'll go on to the next guy。

 Now the main reason why woman have this selection strategies because as a guy like you see a girl and you can see how attractive she is in person So you don't need to test that Like。

 she's not gonna change。The next hour or two。Unless her like makeup is just crazy and then just comes off and you shes maybe like wearing like a corset。

 But you get the point like， imagine this from a girl's perspective， right， Imagine that。

You approach some girl。 And as time goes on， she starts to get uglier and ug。

 It's like she duped you。 Like by the end of the night， you've already committed in so much time。

 And maybe guys you're making out and you made plans together。 And then all of a sudden。

 she's like 40 heavier， she has like a big crooked nose as much of acne。

 It's like what the heck shed lied to me。 This is exactly how a girl feels。

 And why she needs to test you to see for legit。 It's the exact same thing in reverse。

 So I want you to recognize that， you know， as we were evolving。

 woman had to test the guy's actual real value because if she slept with any guy that basically gave her any attention at all。

 And that guy， either a would not stick around or he was actually really sucky at defending her。

 He had no like。Masculinity or dominance。 And it was all just a false persona。

 She basically her kids would not be able to survive that much， right。

 she needs a guy that can actually protect her and she these high status traits。

 So she has to test you， it's literally like hardwired into her DNA。

 and a lot of girls aren't even aware of this that they test guys， it's a very subconscious thing。

 much like all attraction， but they're doing this because it has been ingrained in them into their DNA。

 And once she can pass this。 not only will that you increase attraction。

 but she'll see you different than every other guy she's talked to you so far。

And it's not that hard to do。 So let's adopt some new beliefs because a lot of guys get really better and really resentful like。

Man， if women test me， that's B， yes。 like what do they have to do is and they get resentment and bitterness towards women that they're getting tested because these guys aren't able to pass them。

 They failed before， and they just end up reenting women。 and it makes this downward spiral。

 So let's adopt some new beliefs seeing the lens of reality in the new positive way to get you the results you want。

 The first belief I want you to have。 And I want you to write this down is that I want a woman to test me because it shows she's high status。

Now， when you see these tests， I want you to have a big。

 fat smile on your face because a woman does not test a guy if she does not see him as a potential suitor。

 Okay， woman do not test men that they don't see as attractive。

 if they see you as this nice little friend， right， or it's not really a threat。

 they're not gonna to even testing the first place， they'll be cordial， they'll ignore you And yeah。

 so if she's testing you， it means she likes you a little bit。 Yeah， it means she likes you。

 So have that sense of gratitude that when you see these tests。

 it means that she likes you a little bit， right， The second thing is that when woman tests you。

 It means that when you're in a relationship with her。

 she's not gonna to be easy with every other guy out there。

 Like if she made it hard for you to get with her， it pass all these tests。

 she's gonna make it hard for other guys and she's gonna be a really stable girlfriend that you can have a lot of trust for right。

 if the harder she made it for you， that is how hard she's make it for other guys。

 if she had a big RBF face and she was very standoffish when she's talking to you。

 that's why when you know， when you're in a relationship with this girl。 She's not going be。

with random guys。 she's gonna be giving that same RBF to other dudes and you're gonna feel more secure with who you are with her。

 Okay the second belief I want you to adopt is that tests are fun right already alluded to this。

 but Te are opportunities for you to show your personality to show you different than every other guy to show your confidence。

 So when a girl tests you， you're like， all right she's putting up a wall for you to knock it down and it's kind of coincide with the next belief in that woman put up tests because they want you to pass them Like when you pass a girl's test。

 she gets like a hit of dopamine。 It's like， oh my god， here's this wall， please knock it down。

 I want you to be this amazing guy they can get through to my heart。

 they can get through to other parts of me So she puts up this wall because she enjoys when you knock it down。

 She likes to see it happen， she loves it when a guy passed her test。 she puts up this wall。

 if you fail to hop it over and knock it down， she feels like damn。

 I was hoping this guy was gonna be different。 But if she puts up the test and you pass。😊，She's like。

 oh my God， finally， this guy gets it like when you pass a test， you'll see in the girl's eyes。

 the pupils will dilate， she'll start to get more attraction for you and she'll start to show more indicators of interest。

 Look， if you fail a test， she sees you as this weak guy who is just putting on a front to give it from a girl's perspective look。

😊，If you fail a test， it basically says that she influenced the way you see yourself。Okay。

 now if a girl。That barely knows you。Can influence the way you see yourself。

 what can the world do to you， what can other people do to you in your own perception of yourself。

I'm going to say this again and' let this really sink in。If you were a girl。

And you were to test some guy coming along。 And you just threw a little jab at him about his t shirt or about his weight or about anything。

 And he got all butt hurtt， all upset and insecure。You don't want to be with the guy。 You're like。

 man， if he barely knows me now and hes insecure， why would I want to get committed to him in a relationship。

 Like， really let that sink in。 If you fail the girls test is's communicating to her。

 you're going to fail the world's test that you're not going to be able to manage that you're going succumb to weaknesses。

 all these obstacles and。Yeah， man， so that's essentially where she's coming from。

If any of you says that a woman should never test me， then。Really， you are succumbing to weakness。

 you're not stepping into your masculinity because。Having a female test， right。

 the the feminine testing the masculine is an opportunity for you to express your masculine nature。

 right， You can see it as with gratitude。 Like， yes， this girl's give me a hard time， right。

 She's teasing me。 And that's another way to view it。 man。 The next core belief is like。😊。

Women test you as a way of flirting。 It's teasing。 Like， if you remember growing up。

 I had girls picking on me all the time。 And I took it personally as a kid。

 but they were flirting with me。 They were teasing me。 They were giving me attention， right。

 It's better for a girl。To give you attention negatively， they've heard to completely disnoy you。

 The worst thing is a girl。 like you talk to a girl and she has a drink at the bar， and she's a slap。

You all walk up to her and she just looks at you。Looks you up and down is like， nope。See what I mean。

 All right， so now let's delve in to how to pass a test， right。

 how to pass these girl tests and theres lots of ways， but they come from two main sources。 Okay。

 so the only way the literal only way to fail a test is to take it literal to take it seriously。

If what she says， if you fall into her frame of reality。She says a statement。

 and you stay on the same subject line。 you agree with her sense of reality。 you felt， okay。

So an example of this， I'll give you an example， right？And she says， you're wearing some necklace。

 right， You're wearing this necklace。 right， let's him out。 some grotes， she's like。OhMy God。

's this stupid neck is， what are you like a hippie？The only way I could fill is to say like， oh， no。

 no， And I'm not a hippie。 I just， I don't know if friend gave it to me or。Oh， yeah， yeah， yeah。 No。

 hipie。 What does that mean， right， I'm staying on the same wavelength。

 I've heard the conversation she put out there read the same statement。 Okay。

 that saying in her frame of reference。 I'm， I'm catering to her reality， Right？

 I'm letting the feminine persuade me。 See how that works。

 If she calls you ball or she calls you a player。 Like， I'm not a player disagreeing or be like。

 what do you mean I'm a player。 Like， what does that mean， right。

 You're staying in her frame of reality。 See how this works。

 The first way to overcome and pass a test is to simply ignore and change the subject。Now。

 for example， if you were talking to some kid right and some kid says your necklace is stupid。

 let's say it with the necklace thing to keep consistency。

If a little kid said your necklace is stupid， would you be like， you're stupid？Or would you be like。

 no it's not， what makes you say that you're not going to argue with like a tableddlet， right？

You're basically gonna ignore and change the subject。 You can like， anyways。 I that your ball there。

 dude like or like， oh yeah， it's stupid。 Okay， yeah， So， change the subject， right。

 So if a girl says something， you don't have to stay into her frame of reality。

 You can change the subject and never once in my life after thousands of being tested thousands of times Ha a girl up been like。

 hold hold on。 I called your neckla stupid。 You need to respond to that。

 I called you a player can you logically respond to that because a girl is in the emotional conversation right。

 So she doesn't need a logical response。 If you change a subject。

 It's conveying that you are leading the conversation。 It is your frame of reality。

changingang the conversation is the first way to completely ignore it and say， ohh。

 that's cute anyways。Continue on， right， Oh， really。 Okay， anyways。 And then continue on。

 You see what I mean， ignore and change the subject。

 The second way to pass tests is to agree with her and then amplify， right。

 basically go into sarcasm。 So if we're gonna to use the lovely necklace example， I would be。

 So if she said， oh， your necklace is stupid。 It looks like you're hipie。 But， yeah。

 I got to actually had a hippie commune。 I used to be a yogi back in the day。 awesome。😊，I'll be like。

 yeah， man。 like this actually， like this super spiritual ghost came into my room。

 And he was like this yogi back in the 60s。 And he was like， I want you to have this。

 I want you to bear it for my ancestors。 It is your responsibility now。You see what I mean， You just。

 it doesn't matter。 Gibber comes out of your mouth， right， You agree with her， and then you amplify。

 So if you were to call you fat， be like， yeah， I've been putting on a few Lbss。 You。

 I'm actually trying to be a professional swim wrestler。

 but I can't seem to put it on the extra weight， right。She calls， you's like， oh。

 you have grain your hair like， yeah， I know I'm trying to be like this silver fox， you know。

 like the streak like Anderson Cooper just like freaking distinguish， you know what I mean。

 it's gonna be sick。What you're communicating there is that you do not take yourself too seriously。

 your sense of self。You don't take it seriously like， you know who you are。

 And so you're being playful with it。 right， It is your perception of your reality。

 If your reality is， I know who I am。 and I like to laugh at myself。

 It's showing that you are super high value， right， You're not serious at all。 As a guy。

 you're trying to always qualify yourself， right， logically， Like if a girl says。

 like you have a small penis， for example， right， your dick's probably super small， right。

 self qualifying beta mentality would be like， now I got what are you talking about。

 I got a good sized penis。 I have a big penis。 You know what I mean， But a guy who's like， yeah。

 I got the I got the little， it's about that big。 You know。

 I've been trying to like do rogaine on it。 but it only grows the hair。

 So I was like this giant bush。😊，You're not trying to prove anything， right？

 You're not trying It has the opposite effect that you would think。 Loly， you're thinking， oh， no。

 let her know that I have a huge penis。 Let her know that I'm growing my hair back。

 Let her know that this is actually a cool necklace worth like 100 bucks。

 You're trying to logically convince her to like you。But by agreeing and amplifying。

 you're going into more vibing emotional state。 You don't care that much。 And she laughs at herself。

 you break her little RBF， and then you move on， you gain a lot of attraction。

 So agree and amplify or ignore。 Now， let's look at this on the chart。So let's just see， okay。

 let's just say， you know， for famming is wise as well。

 let's just say you see yourself as this confident guy and this confident guy represents。

This rectangle， this black rectangle。 And she's like， no。

 I probably see you as this circle right here。 I want you to be the rectangle。

 I hope you are because I love rectangles。 but you know a lot of the other guys in my past。

 they've been actually a circle。 So I'm gonna say something that makes you say you're a circle。

 Now with a necklace example。 if you fall into her reality She starts to see you as actually the circle。

 She's like， yep， I knew it you're not a confident guy。

 you are exactly what I thought you were nope you're a circle you're not confident。

 but if you do the joke right you say the joke。 you're like don't take it seriously has the opposite effect。

 Like I don't take myself too seriously。 Yeah， you're right， she calls you a player。

 you're like I went to play anonymous for 12 years and she's like oh my God what I said didn't hit like went passed his sense of self It's like my statement went over his head and like he didn't take it seriously。

 he didn't take it in and didn't cheek his armor he's actually is this square So agreeing and amplifying and also ignoring does this It's like oh you want to see me as a circle。

 Sure， I'm a circle。Sure I am Yeah okay it has the opposite effect by saying what you actually aren't is showing that you actually are okay I don't want trying to confuse you too much stick to the two strategies。

 but in regards to framing if you don't take it too seriously。

 then it shows that you don't take her too seriously and you know who you actually are it's counterintuitive right？

A couple special notes is the first one is I don't want you to ever take emotional abuse from the girl。

 Like there is a fine line between a girl。Testing you once in a while and just flat out being mean to you。

 Okay， I don't want you to accept just。Emotionally abusive behavior right It's a red flag with a girl。

 So if she's being flat on a mean to you like attacking who you are as a person like truly like you're just like calling you names like oh。

 you're fucking stupid or you're an idiot or you're you know just really over the top being mean like and you could tell in the way she presents it。

I don't want you to accept that kind of abuse right there's a time you should put your foot down and if you have questions about the kind of boundaries。

 this is the stuff you can bring up into the group into the group calls right about a girl testing you and I can give you my feedback because every situation is different and I have a lot of experience with that but。

If she's consistently testing you and making you feel bad even after you pass them。

 like you pass them and she doesn't have this positive emotional response。

 she keeps them testing you hard， hard， hard， there's a certain point where you're a high value guy and you don't accept negative behavior ever from anyone。

Right。The last thing I want to teach you about Te is flipping the script。 Now。

 you can flip the script in other ways as well with sexual escalation， et cetera。

 But flipping the script is basically meaning that you're testing the girl first。

 And when you test the girl first， it shows your high status and also puts her on like， oh， crap。

 He is different。 right， No guy ever test me。 So start to notice the way girls will test other guys and start to notice how they test you and start to use it yourself。

 start to test the girl。 start to call her out on stuff and see what her responses are。

 And when you do this， it's called flipping the script， As I said。

 that is really fun and you saw yourself as this high value guy that has abundance that actually chooses the girl and doesn't chase her。

 So do the homework， Sha in the group and I'll see in the next one。😊。

