# 5.05 - How To Lead_ev

Alright， so let's now dive deep， deep， deep into the importance of leading and what that gets for you。

 where somebody many guys mess up and how you can lead effectively to massively build high levels of attraction with any person you see any girl you see and。

When you adopt this value of being a leading man， this is what's going to separate you from majority of men that you come across。

Look， I understand that as a guy， you do not want to be rejected。

 You don't want to put yourself out there to try to take charge。

 And then people will not listen to you。 It'll just defeat your state， to your state。

 and you're gonna feel like crap， right， But you have to recognize that as a man。

 you are on your purpose and you are leading everywhere， right？

 I want you to make a leading as a habit。99% of people。Are walking to this。

This days just kind of going on autopilot， right on their phone。

 just kind of like going to their job。Human beings crave to find a leader。 And it's not easy， right。

 It takes a lot of responsibility。 It's a lot of stress。

 but the rewards of being on the top are more than worth it。 And it doesn't take much to lead。 right。

 those moments when you're sitting there after the party and someone's like， where should we go。

 What should we do， There's a whole group of people。 And where do you guys think best。

 What should we eat， I want you to become the guy that voices his opinion first， right。

 This is one of the key characteristics of a high status masculine guy  Voicing your opinion， right。

 taking charge， Okay， so what does this mean in the romantic context。 Well。

 it basically means that you approach the girl every single time， you touch her first。

 You assume familiarity， right， and that she likes you， you say， give me your number。

 You don't ask for it。 You say we're gonna go on this date。 We're gonna hang out。 We're do this。

 You're the first one to go for the kiss。 You isolate her。 You take charge。

 You define what the relationship is。I've already talked about this so many times。

 But the feminine nature， women wants to be completely LED， right。

 They want some guys just to take them on。 like， I'm going this way。 I'm building this empire。

 You're coming with me。 You're worthy to come with me， right， You're high quality enough。

 women are obsessed with this。 Start to see this in nature。

 Start to see this in the books they read in the memes they like in the songs they listen to。

 You hear so many songs of female vocals saying， just take me。 I just want to be taken， right。

 Take me on a adventure。 Take me， take me， take me。 women want to be LED。 And for some reason。

 a lot of men， it's been beaten out of them that they shouldn't be。

They shouldn't be LED for a lot of men in our society。

 It's been be now to you that you should not always lead。 You should be egalitarian。 You should。

 you know， be equal with the woman。 And， yes， you could see the woman as an equal human being， right。

 But by you leading her it doesn't mean that you don't see her as being equal。

 It just means that you recognize the feminine nature that the feminine nation wants to be LED。

 And it's actually doing her a favor。 It's reducing her anxiety。

 It's giving her positive emotions by you being the one that gives her that security。

 Okay This is one of the biggest gifts。You can give a woman。Is the walk up show that indifference。

 say like， all right， I like you。 Who are you， right， take her where you want and lead。

 And I want to give a little caveat before we go deep into the really visualizations and paradigms of diagrams of this。

 but。You need to recognize a woman's nonverbal right as much as it is important for you to lead。

 I know even on the whole spectrum of being overly nice and overly an ahole。

 I know you've been probably leaning towards the being overly nice。

 So I don't want you to overcompate like we talked about before and the way to do this is to always read the girl's nonverbals So if the girl is looking at you with giant babi eyes her pupils are diland she's looking up you with like that kind of submissive look like head up relaxed body language。

 she's smiling。 she's giggling。 she's touching you these all indicators that she is relaxed and she is comfortable around you at any point if you go to hug girl。

 and she gets stiff or she just like gives you a hard no or looks a disgusted face like as a guy。

 you can read the social cues pretty easily I want you to immediately back off oh my bad my bad I was over I was just being too much or I' like show a statement of empathy always be reading the non-verbal cues assume familiarity take the lead and at any point of the escalation。

In which we're going go through， I want you to recognize the girl's nonverbals if she feels uncomfortable you read those nonsocial cues and you adjust accordingly。

 this is why after years and years of doing this， I've never had a complaint or a scare with a girl where a girl felt like I was being too forward because I'm really good at reading her social cues I only move forward when I see。

Those nonverbal cues， right， So let's look at some examples of this。 So what do most guys do， right？

 Most guys， what happens is this， you know。They essentially。

 before they talk to the girl or approach her， they want some eye contact first。

 then they feel like they can talk to the girl or they want the girl to even approach them They want to go with a smile right in order to touch you in order to touch her。

 they want you want her to touch you first， then you feel okay touching her right That's her leading right And sign she wants you。

 then you can go to the kiss。 You get it。 So you're looking for all these attraction signs in order for you to escalate。

 And as a guy I want you to recognize that it's more like this。😊，Right。It's more like this。

So many times there's so many opportunities of girls。

 right that they want to be LED or to the point where maybe she won't make eye contact with you。

 but you talk and you approach her， and then she gives you eye contact。 You touch her。

 And then she feels like， oh， this guy's confident。 now I feel more comfortable to touch him。 right。

 You go for the kiss。 And then she likes you more。 they're cyclical in nature。 So it looks like this。

 right， It looks like a circle。I want you to recognize when it comes to your frame that if you approach the girl first。

 if you go for the kiss first， if you touch her first。

 this will show high status dominance and entitlement， and then she will like you。

 so many guys have it completely flipped around。 They're waiting for all these signs and signals。

 which the girl will never give because it is not in the feminine nature。

 It is in the feminine nature to be LED。 So you assume that she likes you。

 You assume she wants to kiss you。 you go for it and then correct。 if it's not reciprocated。

 Another diagram I want to give you is this。 So let's say you right here， you are this cylinder。

 This is represents you right， This is the masculine nature， right， masculine you。

 and I want you to kind of visualize that woman are this right， this beautiful pink。

 They're this chaotic energy， right， theyre bouncing all around。

 like they're just going where it feels good。 The feminine wants to just go where it feels good。

 right， as a guy in life， like you are headed in that direction。

 and the girl can come along with you if you want， right， Like imagine this has an open container。

 It's like a half cylinder， right， in that she's。😊，seeing chaotic feminine energy that's going ever。

 And you're like as a cylin， you're like， hey， we're going over here and you're coming with me at any point。

 you can let her go， she can escape and leave。 but you are containing her and you are taking her on that journey with you。

 That's how I want you to visualize things。 you walk up to her。 You assume you're familiar with her。

 you lead her at any point she can leave the cylinder。 she can walk away。

 But you're also containing her with passing her test being unreactive。

 and you're also leading her in this safe container。

 That's the visualization I want you to see the woman is this chaotic energy moving all around pink chaotic energy。

 moving all the way around。 and you are this masculine container that's half open。 so she can leave。

 There's the indifference there。 but you also have her safety and you're moving on a journey。

 That's how I kind want you to visualize the masculine and feminine coming together。

 So for the homework the checklist what I want you to do is I want you to answer this question in your next interactions with girls across this next week the next couple of days。

 How can you add 25% more leading into it。 How can you add 25% more。

She wants me assuming familiarity， taking her along with you。 Okay for the next approach。

 I want you to go up to the girl。 I want you to be the first one to touch her。

 I want you to grab her number， I don't want you to ask for number。

 I want you to assume that you're gonna go on a date together。 I want you to lead her。

 say let's go talk over here where it's more quiet。 Take her by the hand。

 move her to a different spot。 I want you to do these leading behaviors and see how much compliance she is read her nonverbal cues and report in the group how this one for you。

