# 5.06 - Set Your Frame Right_ev

Welcome Anne to the video on framing， this is a very advanced technique。

 so I want you to really try to pay attention and really absorb this material because。

As I talked about throughout this whole section so far， you're going to be getting different results。

 doing different techniques， but the whole point of this whole entire。This whole entire service。

 this whole entire product for you is to get you to become an attractive guy that you don't rely on any technique。

 no。No lines， no anything。 And when you walk up to the girl。

 You're just so natural what you're saying that that true self comes through。

 And this is what no other dating coach will ever tell you or teach because they don't understand the deep psychological process。

 So this is like the freaking cornerstone。 So if you get this down。Everything else out of cracks。

 so let's just jump into a man。So as you can see here， man， when it comes to your frame。

You can see that your frame is basically the way you see yourself， right， your identity， right？Now。

 this stems from your values， your beliefs， and also your opinions， right？

And your dreams and your passions， too， can kind of be thrown in there as well。 But essentially。

 what happens is that。The real self is always coming through。 And over time， your real self。

 your true values， your true beliefs。 This always comes through right。

 You could put on this mask for as long as you want a faking confidence。 But over time。

 the girl will see for who you really are。 And if you trying all these tactics and tricks。

 So many guys。 What happens that they'll attract the girl by using these external things。

 And then they start to show their true， needy nature。

 So when you adopt the true fundamental beliefs and values that you've been adopting throughout this whole entire course and there's plenty more。

 then that true self will come through。 And when the girl will see you as this dominance， masculine。

 confident， authentic guy， right， And that's what's most attractive。

 So when the girlfriend first comes up to you， man， she's thinking to herself， right。

 this is how you're presenting yourself， that's say this is who you really are。

 And these all these pillars are your opinions and your values and they're very strong。 Now。

 guys that are very weak， right And when I say weak， they're like。

 they're fake alphas or they're overly nice guys， there're susceptible to change。

 They're more feminine in nature， So if you can identify what their opinions would look like。

 their opinions are easily， They don't have any。Easily breakable andine these are like little just rubber bands。

 and like their beliefs often change to make people happy。

 they don't don't know know what their values are。 And it's very flimsy and it's not masculine right masculine is strong polarity。

 dominance congruence structure。 that's the masculine nature。 that strong polarity。

 that that strong structure， knowing what you want going after ambition， the purpose。

 those discipline。 That's masculine， that's what girls are attracted to。

 And so imagine these beams over here are like still titanium bes。 like， you know who you are。

 you know what you believe。 right So we take a situation between these two guys。

 let's say this girl comes up to these two guys。 She goes up to Mr。 circle man over here first。

 right startss talking to him and he basically is just not giving any opinion。

 he's closed off in his mind。 He's afraid to express himself。

 He's keeping the conversation really safe because his frame is I don't know who I am。

 and I'm afraid that the girl's not gonna like me if I show who I am。

 So therefore I'm gonna hold back and keep the pleasant conversation at even kill。

 And we know that equals。Borom and the death of all attraction and selection。 right。

 Then you have this guy over here。 He walks up to the girl。 He's like， this is who I am。

 I don't care if you like me or not。 That is true non attachmenttachment。 true non neediness。

 And so what happens is like this guy may actually push away a lot of people。

 But he's okay with it because he knows who he is。 And when a girl rejects him。

 He doesn't think to himself Oh man's about me。 He's like， okay， cool， like， that's about her。

 I want you to first recognize that your current self。

 which will dive into the deep concepts later how to change us even more。 But your current self。

 your current framing was developed in the environment you grow up in， right。

 You had to develop these beliefs and attitudes and opinions and values to survive in your current environment from the age of like 0 to around 9 or 10。

 Some psychologist debate this， right， So you adopted these early beliefs。

 And this is what we've been uncovering up until this point。

 It finding these fundamental beliefs in where they came from。

 And when you can see the erroneous nature of you developing them in that original environment then you can go on to change them。

Right， so an example of this maybe be this， right。 So instead of thinking to yourself。

 I need to talk about something that will impress the girl。 you think to yourself。

What can the girl say to impress me， Because a guy growing up。

 Maybe he had a lack of exposure around women。 No sisters no girlfriends。 His mom wasn't around us。

 She worked all the time。 right， specifically my mom was like that。

 And so I had a lack of exposure around girls。 So I didn't really understand woman at all。

 And they They would like this foreign creature to me。

 So I felt like that I had nothing in common with him。 So I had to try to connect with them。

 You see where that comes from。 But instead， you adopt the belief that women are just like guys。

 We have so many more more similar than we are different。

 and adopting that new belief when you walk up to a woman， you don't objectify them。

 You don't see them as something different or separate than you。 You see them in your humanness。

 So you challenge them more。 And that gives you a completely different result。 You see。

 in every interaction， someone's influencing someone else a little bit more。 right。

 And if you are strong in your sense of self。 You have the selflove， selflfconfidence。

 You have all these still beams。 knowing this is what my values are。

 This is what my opinions on this are。 I don't care if people don't like it。

 This is just me is who I am。 You develop this rock， solid core。Confidence， right that is unshakable。

 which is extremely attractive right so what you do is like part of this process is developing these beliefs。

 And then when you're out in public and you're talking to people is then expressing them。

 holding true to your congruent values So when a woman walks up to you。

 she wants this guy right here right She wants this guy with solid confidence。

 but she's gonna use those tests and really see that's true。

 and if you remain congruent through your actions， you establish yourself。

 if you disagree with the girl， you express it， if you agree with the girl， you express it。

 you're not doing something to manipulate her to like you you're constantly in the higher。

 if not equal playing field of value， right So the exercises for this modules。

 I want you to write a list of all the values， all the pillars of who you are as a guy you already did the values。

 you should have your three values closest to who you are。

 I want you to understand what you may know what your opinions are， you may know your beliefs。

 but I want you to write them down because you may be surprised that maybe you think to yourself。

 I don't really care about that one thing。 but you have an opinion about everything。

So I want you to write out every specific value and belief that you have to make you super strong in your core foundation of who you are as a guy。

 I gave you a bunch of examples in the checklist down below of different beliefs to adopt。

 to replace old habits。 But essentially， I want you to recognize that when you go to certain events and you're walking up to girls right and you're going into these。

In these environments where you're meeting these girls， recognizing how you feel and what you think。

 Well， then you can use the process to see funnelling that down what the belief structure is。

 So if you look at this one more time， I， I want to show you。

 So if you the last girl you walked up to that was super hot，' say this girl is a spricking stunner。

 when you walked up to her if you felt nervous。 that was the emotion， right？

 So then what was the thought， What was the thought。

 this is why it's so important after interactions to write it down to figure out what's going on。

 The thought may have been that she is too good for me。

 So then what you do there when if you have that thought that she's too good for you。

 then you say to yourself， you use the process of really inquiry。 So going deeper and deeper。

 So you ask yourself a couple of questions。 why do I think she was too good for me。

 Because you may think another thought， which is。She only wants。Blank。Kind of guys， right。

 And then you're like， oh， okay， so you recognize you're not the kind of guy she wants， right。

 So there's the core belief， right， the core belief。Around that is right， hot women only want。

 you know， blank type of guysise。 And then what you do is you shift that belief around that you say。

Pot woman。1。I'm not gonna give you the answer， right。

 but they want a different type of guy that suits you。 and then you'll find evidence for that。

 And you'll bend the next hot girl you go up to， you'll have a completely different interaction。

 new motion， new thoughts， new actions， new results。 Now I want to finish this with a story。 Okay。

 I was in Thailand one time。 and we went to go kayaking， right。😊，It was super hot there。

 so the river was really low。Now， so we we go to get in the kayak。

 There's like 14 year old kid right He's leading the expedition。

 He's this Thai kid and he does these little canoe trips， you could tell。

 he didn't speak a word of English。 So we get in the canoe and we start going and the water is literally at some points there inches like we're just hitting rocks and we paid like actually decent money to go on this whole canoe trip and I was there with my best friend Tyler and a couple of other guys。

 Now best friend Tyler was from college And this guy is he's one of those guys that always sees the happiness and the positive side of everything So we're going down this canoe trip thing and like there's no water。

 we're like it's a waste of money right and I'm starting to get angry and as soon as I get angry。

 Tyler starts laughing uncontrollably。 he sees how ridiculous this is that we paid all this money andre literally stuck in rocks。

 we go down to this point of a flat stretch where we get a little bit of water。 We're like yeah。

 we're all clapping about and there's this like seven year old girl like up to her knees like like washing her arm off and we're like we're wearing a helmet。

😊，Like a life jacket。 And there's this girl a seven year old girl sending in knee deep water。

 And we were laughing hysterically。 And if Tyler wasn't there。

 I would have been frustrated about the whole thing because my belief is that for my parents that this would have been a waste of money。

 If I was there with my family growing up。 they would have said， oh， this is a waste of money。

 like we spent money on this。 and it's a horrible ride。 But Tyler。

 see his beliefs are that this is humorous that we spent oh a little bit of money to go on a kayak run。

 And there's this little girl washing her legs up to her knees。

 and we're sitting there with helmets and a life jacket And we could like literally touch the bottom of the water with our hand。

 right， So the different belief structure and identity and world view。

 Tyler and I had with that specific scenario gave us for different results。

 And he was actually able to influence me in the way I saw things。

 Now this can happen with you and a woman。 that if you see yourself as this confident selflflo。

 A guy that over time， the woman will start to see you the way you see yourself。

 Now this is the most powerful thing， this word， all the work comes in。

 And if you develop this and do this the correct way。😊，Everything will auto correct for you。

 Check on the checklist down below。 posting the group of the homework。

 If you have any questions you know who to reach out to and how to get help。

I'll see you the next one。