# 7.10 - Phone Calls_ev

As go， man， welcome back to the online dating modules now。This was all about phone calls。

 It's a pretty short video as you could see， because there's not much to teach you about phone calls because he already learned the skill sets and how to talk to girl face to face。

It's essentially the same thing when you get on the phone with a girl。

You're just talking to her the same exact way you would。If you're talking to her in person。

So what does this look like？First and first， your voice， your voice is super important， stress。

 the consciousness， the awareness of how your voice sounds。Okay。

Now I normally talk like this and I talk pretty fast and as you can tell。

 I talk a little bit higher voice。Through the unconscious competence over the years。

 when I'm talking to a girl that I find very attractive， my brain naturally slows down。

And I talk slower and deeper。It's just something I've developed from thousands of hours and lots of girls。

 right so when you're talking to the girl， be consciously aware of of how your voice sounds。

Pause your voice。Take some deep breaths before you call her， calm down if you're feeling anxious。

Breathe deep。 And remember， this is just the girl。 right， You're just calling her。 Okay。

 so I'm going to go over some other things you can do to calm yourself down because。Ultimately。

 when you're on the phone， if you're calm and relaxed， having a good time。

 she'll feel that and she'll want to hang out with you。 The next thing is。😊，To focus when you talk。

To use pauses。So instead of saying， hey， Becca， how's it going， how are you doing， you would say？Hey。

 Rebecca， how's it going？How are you？Okay， remember the downward inflection， pausing when you pause。

 it conveys that you don't expect to be interrupted and therefore you expect people to listen to。

 The next thing you're going to do is you're going to be constantly flipping the script and challenging her the whole time。

 thinking to yourself， Is this girl cool enough to hang out with。

 I only have so much time in the day。 Is she cool enough to hang out with me。

And you're gonna to be telling yourself that over and over。 I this go cool enough。 Is she chill。

 You're gonna be constantly testing her。 So when you're talking to her， you're going to say。

 one of the first things you could talk to her is you can be like， oh my God， so you are real。

 So no one's like putting a gun to your hair。 You're not like hired by the Russian mafia to come get me or anything like that。

😊，That's simple， okay？You're going to be saying things like when you ask her questions。

 using the downward in。 So if you ask her questions and things she does， you're not going to say。

 so what do you do for school， you would say something like， so what are you in school for。

And then if it's something that's boring， you'd be like， oh。Really， oh man。

 how do you live with yourself？You're joking， you're being sarcastic always add humor to the conversation and teasing。

 Okay， This is a skill that gets developed over time。

 So don't worry if you're not that great at of it at first。Okay。

 now I'm going to go to hang out with her。After about 10 to 20 minutes。Ving。

 I know sometimes I've talked to girls for five minutes。

 then went to go hang out her sometimes for hours， we just clicked and just became natural。

What you're going to do is along the 15， 20 minute mark， on average， you're going to be like， look。

Look， Rebecca， you know what？I'm actually pleasantly surprised you have a lot in calm with me and that's actually really rare。

 So you know what we should go do blank next week。 I'm for you this time on this day。That's simple。

 okay？It's that simple。 So there is no homework for this。 If you want to add extra credits。

 you can record your phone calls， post it into the group and get feedback from the other guys how the conversation went。

 record yourself talking to the girl for extra homework。 I mean， that's like bonus points。

 And you'd be a baller if you did that really。You know， a class， so。That being said man。

 hoping you enjoyed the video and I'll see you in the next one。

