# 7.11 - Types of Women You Will See_ev

All right， so in this video， after thousands of matches and working with hundreds of clients and seeing their matches。

There are specific types of girls on here， like I said before that will never match with you that are gonna waste your time as a guy。

 And again， there's a lot of time you're gonna to be spending on this if you want to maximize your chances in finding a high quality girl。

 So we're going go over some top girls you'll find that are gonna waste your time and how to avoid them。

 right， Now， this is kind of humorous， but。It is also true， so let's just jump in。All right。

 so the first girl is the Instagram ho。 Now this girl。

 as you can see in the screenshot I showed you right here on the screen is essentially。

 you have she's super hot as always。 and she just has her Instagram tag。

 Now she's been in a hustler man， she just wants followers to increase that for her own validation or she's building a business。

 maybe she's a model or what have you。 So if you see a girl with just her Instagram tag。

 go ahead and try to message her on Instagram。 she's not in the online dating app。

 but chances are she just wants followers。 And if your profile is on point like we talked about。

 she didn't respond。 I've had a couple of girls over the years actually respond back to me。

 but it's few and far between Go number two is the faker。

 Now this is mostly on only Tinder So Tinder does this thing where they have a lot of fake profiles that they add into there of hot girls。

😊，Or they have a lot of girls， guys who have casites so they'll make fake profiles of hot girls and they'll try to get each to their camsites or sometimes they're even hookers。

If a girl has a very short bio， right， and you could tell like this girl right here。

 two different girls in the same profile。 Okay， if she's gorgeous smoking hot and she messages with you。

 matches with you， I'm talking like a 10。😊，Go ahead and send a message if you want， but you know。

Most often， there's candned responses and you know they have like software running this and it's just a waste of your time。

 Okay， so don't get overly excited if you see these kind of girls。 next one is the ghost。

 if a girl responds to you after like a month and six months。

 don't waste your time that simple if a girl wants to hang out with you。

 she will respond to your messages within a day or two Otherwise like if a girl keeps responding to you after weeks。

 it's like don't go back to her just shes she wants validation right she's only coming on to the app when she feels little about herself and she wants to waste your time。

😊，The fourth kind of girl that is going to waste your time is called the magician。

 that's what I call her。Now， for this girl， she has the perfect angles。 you can't see anything。

 So this girl， as you can see， the small screen right here。She was actually， I met up with her。

 she was really overweight。 Okay， now as you can see。

 her stomach is not showing in any of these photos， she's hiding who she is， okay。Now。

 if girl only has her face and her profiles and her face is really cute。

 but she does have a body shot。She's probably overweight。 All right。

 now not nothing against guys who want to date overweight girls。 Okay。

 that's totally fine to each their own。 but just recognize that don't be upset。

If you didn't do your homework， you didn't do your research， you didn't add our on Instagram， right。

 Be thorough。 girls are going to always show their best angles， right， the best lighting。

 Whatever they've been doing this since they were 13 years old。 So recognize。

 take a really good thorough look at what the Co photoss look like。😊。

Another similar example of this is girls with group photos。

Usually if a girl has a bunch of group photos。She's generally the most unattractive one。

 the least attractive girl， Okay， so don't get all excited if she's with like fourhawk girls like oh my God。

 and then you get a match。She's probably the one unattractive one in there。 Okay， The fifth。

 I called the concealer。 Now， this girl as an example。 She's pretty attractive， right。

 but she's over 6 f。Now， you have to recognize it a lot of times， you know， or this girl right here。

 she has a child。 Now， there's nothing wrong with dating a girl that's over 6 ft or dating a girl that's a mom。

 but。Make sure it's not false advertising。 Make sure that when you meet up with her。

 You're like holy crap。 she's taller than me right。 And if you don't like that。

 then do your homework， do your research， right， or a lot of times the girl will only show that she's a mom in the last photo or she won't even show it。

 And if you don't want to date girl with a mom because a lot of times a girl when she has a child。

 she wants to settle down with a guy。 if you don't want to do that， there's just a mismatch here。

 So this is all about just being an investigator yourself。 really doing your research。

 adding these girls on Instagram getting on the phone with them before you go meet up with them。

 you don't want to waste your time。 Now I call number 6 to unicorn on rare occasion。

 you will have a girl that is attractive， not concealing anything and she's single and she's good to go。

 You know， this is rare。 I actually， if you didn't know this。

 I found Rebecca on Tinder during lockdown， I know it's crazy。 but you know。😊。

She's actually probably one of the first ghost I ever on a date with on Tinder that was。

Really high quality。 and I've had Tinder on my phone you know。

 in between relationships ever since it came out back when I was a sophomore in college over 10 years。

 Okay， so literally one in the million trying to really reiterate that fact for you Okay。

 and the last is mismarriage。Now， if you're trying to settle down， great。

 but you have to recognize if a girl is 27，28，29 years old。

 they're in that sweet spot where they want to settle down with a guy Like they know they're getting older。

 they know that their mate value is declining。 their looks are declining。

 they want to get the best guy possible。 So don't think that if a girl master with you and she's like 27。

2829 that she's only gonna hook up。 You know， once girls get like 31，3233。

 they kind of give up on marriages。 if it might happen， it might happen， but they're like。

 you know what， I just want to fool around。 So recognize that age is also a determining factor at all of this。

 so those are the seven girls， you will see on online dating profiles。

 there's no homework for this one， just recognize them， don't waste your time。

 really do your research before you message these girls before you meet up with them in person。

 I'll see you in the next one。😊。