# 7.12 - Play the Long Game_ev

All right man， welcome to the last module on online dating， how a max module profile。

 You should have amazing description， You should have your photos on point。

 You should know what to say to a girl how to communicate with a girl， power of the gift。

 voice notes， how to avoid girls that are gonna waste your time the do's and the don'ts you should be only watching it or going on online dating apps about an hour a day Max now the final thing I want to teach you is how to play the long game。

😊，Now， I know I said that you should not beat around the bush when you message these girls。

 and that's totally true。But。Let me teach you something first things first is let's go through the world of a girl。

 really put yourself in a hot girl's position。Okay。

 if you're getting messages from all these guys every single day， DMs。

 guys are just flooding your inbox。You see a guy， he's kind of cute， he messages you。

 he messages back， he kind of forget things， you see， he kind of gets buried。

 you get buried down in the inbox and that's totally okay。Now。

 what's going to happen is that there are so many women。That you can still have on your。

Day to day life， right through Instagram that they see your day to day life， they see your profile。

 they see what you're posting， they see the life you're living。And they start to like you more。

 They start to become a fan of you， and it becomes so much easier to go ahead and reach out to them。

 start a conversation and go on the date。 So in this video。

 I'm going to teach you how to play the long game on Instagram。😊。

Now I mentioned before one of the biggest mistakes you make as a guy， a low value mistake is。

That you rush too much。So whenever you're rushing the process of hanging out with a girl。

And I say Rush， you are trying to， after the first message， get a number after the first text。

 go on a date。On the date， trying to get her rip back to your house as soon as possible。

 trying to rip her clothes off as soon as possible。

 that is conveyed to the girl that you never get laid。Okay， never。So playing the long game。

 it builds the romance， the idea in her head， the girl wants to say， yeah。

 we added each other on Instagram， we were following each other for a long while and we just started the conversation about we both like this meme page or we both like this celebrity or the sport and we just ended up meeting up and it just worked out a girl wants that romantic story。

And it's not hard for you to do。 There's something in marketing。Called the exposure effect。

And what that basically means is that。The more you see something， some， some product。

 This is why marketing is important for products。 This is why Coke， Pepsi， Disney。

 all these companies shelled out billions of dollars on marketing。Okay。

 because when you think about them。You see them all the time， it increases your trust。

As human beings， the more we see something， the more we trust it。For example， with me。

 maybe you bought off straight from the webinar that I had on the ads。😡。

But maybe there's a good chance you saw my ads first， ignored them， saw my YouTube channel。

 watched a few videos， and over five to six months he finally decided to go ahead and invest in this course。

Maybe you didn't and you're a badass and you're like， you know what。

 I know he's I know this guys gonna give me the results and he went in。

 but a lot of times the buyer cycle， it takes a while before you actually trust the person， okay。

 it's the same thing with dating。So the way you do this is when you add the girl on social media。

You post a lot of stories about your life， start sharing the highlights of your life。

 share your life man， share the things you're doing and if you're thinking to yourself man like I don't have a really cool life Josh like I just go to work and I go to the gym。

B， it's like you don't need this lavish live。 Even though I love my life。 I don't do much。

 I sit on my damn computer all day。 I record videos like this。 I do some coaching calls right。

 especially with Lockdown， I'm not doing anything。 But like you can still share the fun things you do Sha your results。

 share your journey of like a workout journey you're on or like some cool recipes you're creating when you go hang out with friends。

 share those highlights。 Okay start sharing your life。

 and you'll see you'll start to see all the people that are viewing your stories。

 you'll see consistency and says girl this girl viewing my story all the time。

 And when she's constantly viewing your story， you know that she's interested in you。

 She's not gonna reach out to you。 But what you're gonna do is that you're gonna watch her stories。

 And eventually instead of sliding into to the DMs， you're gonna comment on her stories。😊。

You're gonna say something funny about it or say， oh my God， I was over there the other day or like。

 oh， that's what kind of coffee place is that that sounds like an amazing place。

 Come something unique。 And that's how you start the conversation back and forth through the stories。

😊，And if she's seen you for the past four months， she knows a lot about your life。

 she's watching your stories， you're watching hers。

The conversation is going to be so much more effortless。

 she's going to trust you and it's going to be easier to talk to her and get her on a date。And look。

 man。Ultimately， when it comes in a long game。If you're adding enough girls on Instagram。

Sharing stories about your life， if you're commenting on enough stories。

 you're not going to care as much about one girl not responding。

When you send these messages to the stories， say a comment。

 say something where it doesn't need a response。If a girl is like at a really cool beach to be like。

 oh， I was there the other day， that's amazing。Just add value， add value， add value， share your life。

When you become this source of just。Enjo literally enjoying your life。

 being on your purpose as a man and then sharing that journey。People love that， especially women。

 right， they love the high status， they love the value， they love the story。

 so make this a habit yourself for the homework。For the homework。

 what I want you to do is for the next week， if you have Instagram， if you don't。

 don't worry about it。Or if you have Snapchat。Get in the process to get used to sharing at least three stories a day。

 That's minimum three a day。 That's it。Three day for the next。Two weeks， okay， when you do this。

 you have to see the girls that are looking at your stories。

 you can go ahead and start commenting on theirs and try that strategy out right It's a long game。

 do this over time。 you just have to build the abundance and this tipping effect will occur。

 We have so much abundance。 so many girls your messaging date。

The girls sense that and they just come flocking to you。 right， thanks for watching this module。

'll see you in the next one。